81,Summertime on the coast of Maine, "In the Bedroom" centers on the inner dynamics of a family in transition. Matt Fowler (Tom Wilkinson) is a doctor practicing in his native Maine and is married to New York born Ruth Fowler (Sissy Spacek), a music teacher. He is involved in a love affair with a local single mother (Marisa Tomei). As the beauty of Maine's brief and fleeting summer comes to an end, these characters find themselves in the midst of unimaginable tragedy.
30,During a special forces operation to prevent a Vietnamese general from purchasing nuclear triggers, Mike Weston's (Thomas Ian Griffith) partner, Jones (Chris Mulkey), is taken hostage. Mike escapes with the triggers and quits the Army. A year later, he learns Jones is still a prisoner in the jungle and decides to cooperate with the Army on a mission to rescue his friend. After arriving in Vietnam disguised as a tourist, Mike is captured by the general's men and taken to the prison camp.
55,"Not Another Teen Movie" shows no mercy as it skewers the conventions and clichés of the genre you hate to love. Join Janey Briggs (Chyler Leigh), an aspiring artist who is outcast by her classmates for wearing glasses, a ponytail and paint-covered overalls; and Jake Wyler (Chris Evans), the all-American football star who makes a foolish bet to turn Janey into a prom queen, in a risqué romp with an assortment of twisted takes on classic teen characters and teen movies.
93,A human drama inspired by events in the life of John Forbes Nash Jr., and in part based on the biography "A Beautiful Mind" by Sylvia Nasar. From the heights of notoriety to the depths of depravity, John Forbes Nash Jr. experienced it all. A mathematical genius, he made an astonishing discovery early in his career and stood on the brink of international acclaim. But the handsome and arrogant Nash soon found himself on a painful and harrowing journey of self-discovery.
95,The future of civilization rests in the fate of the One Ring, which has been lost for centuries. Powerful forces are unrelenting in their search for it. But fate has placed it in the hands of a young Hobbit named Frodo Baggins (Elijah Wood), who inherits the Ring and steps into legend. A daunting task lies ahead for Frodo when he becomes the Ringbearer - to destroy the One Ring in the fires of Mount Doom where it was forged.
79,Multi-platinum rap superstars Redman and Method Man star as Jamal and Silas, two regular guys who smoke something magical, ace their college entrance exams and wind up at Harvard. Ivy League ways are strange but Silas and Jamal take it in a stride -- until their supply of supernatural smoke runs dry. That's when they have to start living by their wits and rely on their natural resources to make the grade.
82,A bloodthirsty hoodlum (Tadanobu Asano) sparks a series of violent reprisals after his boss is apparently taken by a mysterious assassin (Nao Ômori).
88,The film takes place in 1993 when the U.S. sent special forces into Somalia to destabilize the government and bring food and humanitarian aid to the starving population. Using Black Hawk helicopters to lower the soldiers onto the ground, an unexpected attack by Somalian forces brings two of the helicopters down immediately. From there, the U.S. soldiers must struggle to regain their balance while enduring heavy gunfire.
70,Pooh and his lovable friends celebrate Christmas and the New Year.
40,When Miami dentist Ted Brooks (Cuba Gooding Jr.) finds out that he's been named in a will, he travels to Alaska to claim his inheritance. Once he gets there, however, his dreams turn to mush: he discovers he's been left a mischievous team of sled dogs -- who have got it in for him. Making matters even worse is the crusty mountain man Thunder Jack (James Coburn), who's also got it in for the city slicker. Wanting to claim the dogs for himself, Jack urges Ted to hotfoot it back to warmer climates.
78,Set in North Carolina, "A Walk To Remember" follows the rite of passage of a jaded, aimless high school senior (Shane West) who falls in love with a guileless young woman (Mandy Moore) he and his friends once scorned. The two develop a powerful and inspirational relationship in which they discover truths that take most people a lifetime to learn.
97,In the poverty-stricken favelas of Rio de Janeiro in the 1970s, two young men choose different paths. Rocket (Phellipe Haagensen) is a budding photographer who documents the increasing drug-related violence of his neighborhood. José "Zé" Pequeno (Douglas Silva) is an ambitious drug dealer who uses Rocket and his photos as a way to increase his fame as a turf war erupts with his rival, "Knockout Ned" (Leandro Firmino da Hora). The film was shot on location in Rio's poorest neighborhoods.
66,Follows the legendary vampire Lestat (Stuart Townsend), who has reinvented himself as a rock star in the contemporary American music scene. His music wakes Akasha (Aaliyah), the queen of all vampires, and inspires her desire to make Lestat her king. Akasha's malevolent power is so great that all the immortal vampires must stand against her if they want to survive. Meanwhile, a young London woman with a fascination for the dark side (Marguerite Moreau) falls in love with Lestat.
38,Wendy is all grown up, with children of her own, and as the blitzkrieg rages, she calms them with tales of Peter Pan. Wendy's stubborn 12-year-old daughter, Jane, has no patience for such nonsense until Capt. Hook uses the girl as a pawn in capturing his arch-rival. Peter Pan, Tinker Bell, and the Lost Boys come to her aid; however, even they cannot make Jane a believer in the magic of imagination. Unless she believes, she cannot fly, and there is no other way for her to return home.
78,Story centers on a man whose nine-year-old son is in desperate need of a life-saving transplant. When he discovers that his medical insurance won't cover the costs of the surgery and alternative government aid is unavailable, John Q. Archibald (Denzel Washington) takes a hospital emergency room hostage in a last-ditch attempt to save his child.
53,Balto (Maurice LaMarche) and his daughter Aleu (Lacey Chabert) embark on a journey of adventure and self-discovery.
32,Cinderella (Jennifer Hale) prepares for her first royal ball and tries to help her stepsister (Tress MacNeille) find love.
84,Based upon the best-selling book "We Were Soldiers Once ... and Young" by Lt. Gen. Harold G. Moore (Ret.) and journalist Joseph L. Galloway, this compelling war drama depicts the true story of the first major battle between the United States and North Vietnamese forces. It is a film about uncommon valor and nobility under fire, loyalty among soldiers, and the heroism and sacrifice of men and women both home and abroad.
82,Twenty-thousand years ago, Earth is a wondrous, prehistoric world filled with great danger, not the least of which is the beginning of the Ice Age. To avoid a really bad frostbite, the planet's majestic creatures - and a few small, slothful ones - begin migrating south . The story revolves around sub-zero heroes: a woolly mammoth, a saber-toothed tiger, a sloth and a prehistoric combination of a squirrel and rat, known as Scrat.
67,Based on the popular video game, Milla Jovovich and Michelle Rodriguez star as the leaders of a commando team who must break into "the hive," a vast underground genetics laboratory operated by the powerful Umbrella Corporation. There, a deadly virus has been unleashed, killing the lab's personnel and resurrecting them as the evil Un-dead. The team has just three hours to shut down the lab's supercomputer and close the facility before the virus threatens to overrun the Earth.
30,Until now, Zak Gibbs' (Jesse Bradford) greatest challenge has been to find a way to buy a car. But when he discovers an odd wristwatch amidst his father's various inventions and slips it on -- something very strange happens. The world around him seems to come to a stop, everything and everybody frozen in time. Zak quickly learns how to manipulate the device and he and his quick-witted and beautiful new friend, Francesca, start to have some real fun.
68,Exploding from the pages of Marvel Comics comes the thrilling follow-up to the blockbuster "Blade." Half Man ... half vampire, and consumed by a desire to avenge the curse of his birth and save the human race from a blood-drenched Armageddon. In this newest action-packed adventure, Blade (Wesley Snipes) is forced to team up with the very vampires he hates in order to overcome a new type of monster which threatens to eradicate both races.
70,A true story about a coach who discovers that it's never too late for dreams to come true. Jim Morris (Dennis Quaid) never made it out of the minor leagues before a shoulder injury ended his pitching career twelve years ago. Now a married-with-children high-school chemistry teacher and baseball coach in Texas, Jim's team makes a deal with him: if they win the district championship, Jim will try out with a major-league organization.
64,Trapped in their New York brownstone's panic room, a hidden chamber built as a sanctuary in the event of break-ins, newly divorced Meg Altman (Jodie Foster) and her young daughter Sarah (Kristen Stewart) play a deadly game of cat-and-mouse with three intruders - Burnham (Forest Whitaker), Raoul (Dwight Yoakam) and Junior (Jared Leto) - during a brutal home invasion. But the room itself is the focal point because what the intruders really want is inside it.
62,A smart comedy about a day in the life of a barbershop on the south side of Chicago. Calvin (Ice Cube), who inherited the struggling business from his deceased father, views the shop as nothing but a burden and a waste of his time. After selling the shop to a local loan shark, Calvin slowly begins to see his father's vision and legacy and struggles with the notion that he just sold it out.
50,A happily married, successful lawyer (Ashley Judd) is shocked to learn that her husband (Jim Caviezel) has a hidden past as a classified military operative, and is accused of committing a heinous war crime. As she prepares to defend her husband in a top-secret military court, where none of the rules she knows so well apply, she gets help from a wild card (Morgan Freeman) -- a former military attorney who doesn't play by anyone's rules.
53,A rush-hour fender-bender on New York City's crowded FDR Drive, under most circumstances, wouldn't set off a chain reaction that could decimate two people's lives. But on this day, at this time, a minor collision will turn two complete strangers into vicious adversaries. Their means of destroying each other might be different, but their goals, ultimately, will be the same: Each will systematically try to dismantle the other's life in a reckless effort to reclaim something he has lost.
44,Lanie Kerrigan (Angelina Jolie), a feature reporter at a Seattle television station, leads the ultimate superficial life, even though she thinks she has it all, like a superstar boyfriend, a gorgeous apartment, and a shot at a big network assignment. Her perfect world starts unraveling after a homeless street seer tells Lanie that she leads a meaningless existence, and will die the following week. When the savant's other predictions come true, Lanie begins to re-examine her life and priorities.
55,A comedy-drama starring Hugh Grant as Will, a rich, child-free and irresponsible Londoner in his thirties who, in search of available women, invents an imaginary son and starts attending single parent meetings. As a result of one of his liaisons, he meets Marcus, an odd 12-year-old boy with problems at school. Gradually, Will and Marcus become friends, and as Will teaches Marcus how to be a cool kid, Marcus helps Will to finally grow up.
39,A California forest ranger (Colin Firth) seeks his bride (Lisa Zane) and discovers, with his artist friend (Billy Zane), her dark sides.
49,Woody Allen stars as Val Waxman, a two-time Oscar winner turned washed-up, neurotic director in desperate need of a comeback. When it comes, Waxman finds himself backed into a corner: Work for his ex-wife Ellie (Tea Leoni) or forfeit his last shot. Is Val blinded by love when he opts for the reconnect? Is love blind when it comes to Ellie's staunch support? Literally and figuratively, the proof is the picture.
68,Described by director Adrian Lyne ("Fatal Attraction") as "an erotic thriller about the body language of guilt." When Edward (Richard Gere) innocently learns that his wife Connie (Diane Lane) has lied to him about an affair, suspicion propels him to uncover the devastating details of her infidelity. Tormented by the knowledge, he confronts her lover, only to discover a level of rage within himself that he could never have imagined.
77,Follows the adventures of a wild and rambunctious mustang stallion as he journeys through the untamed American frontier. Encountering man for the first time, Spirit defies being broken, even as he develops a remarkable friendship with a young Lakota brave. The courageous young stallion also finds love with a beautiful paint mare named Rain on his way to becoming one of the greatest unsung heroes of the Old West.
42,In this loose adaptation of Shakespeare's "King Lear," land baron John Lear (Patrick Stewart) decides to divide his estate among his three daughters, with the caveat that each will prove her affection for him. Susannah (Marcia Gay Harden) and Rebecca (Lauren Holly) comply, but his youngest child, Claudia (Julie Cox), refuses to shower her father with false love and is disinherited. When Lear's ranch comes under threat from unscrupulous sources, he wishes he had acted differently.
80,Based on a story by famed science fiction writer Philip K. Dick, "Minority Report" is an action-detective thriller set in Washington D.C. in 2054, where police utilize a psychic technology to arrest and convict murderers before they commit their crime. Tom Cruise plays the head of this Precrime unit and is himself accused of the future murder of a man he hasn't even met.
25,He's back for more... When a group of teens win a contest to spend a night in Michael Myers' childhood home to be broadcast live on the Internet, they believe they are in for a little fun and some free publicity. But things go frightfully wrong and the game turns into a struggle to make it out of the house alive.
45,Kay (Tommy Lee Jones) and Jay (Will Smith) reunite to provide our best line of defense against a seductress who levels the toughest challenge yet to the MIBs mission statement: protecting the earth from the scum of the universe. While investigating a routine crime, Jay uncovers a plot masterminded by Serleena (Boyle), a Kylothian monster who disguises herself as a lingerie model. When Serleena takes the MIB building hostage, there is only one person Jay can turn to -- his former MIB partner.
90,A middle-aged schoolteacher hates himself and takes out his anger and frustration on the people around him.
86,Mike Sullivan (Tom Hanks) is an enforcer for powerful Depression-era Midwestern mobster John Rooney (Paul Newman). Rooney's son, Connor (Daniel Craig), is jealous of the close bond they share, and when Mike's eldest son, Michael (Tyler Hoechlin), witnesses a hit, Connor uses the incident as an excuse to murder Sullivan's wife (Jennifer Jason Leigh) and youngest son. Forced to flee, Sullivan and Michael set out on a journey of revenge and self-discovery.
46,Tells the story of an undefeated world-champion prize fighter (Ving Rhames) who is convicted of rape and sent to prison, where he must confront and ultimately fight the reigning prison boxing champion (Wesley Snipes). One man fighting for his honor, another fighting for his future ... only one will emerge from the ring "Undisputed."
87,In this visually arresting martial arts epic set in ancient China, an unnamed fighter (Jet Li) is being honored for defeating three of the king's most dangerous enemies. When Nameless recounts his battles with the assassins -- Broken Sword (Tony Leung Chiu Wai), Flying Snow (Maggie Cheung Man-yuk) and Moon (Zhang Ziyi) -- the king begins to question some of the details. As Nameless goes on, the king challenges the tales, interjecting his own take on these perhaps suspect version of events.
44,Teaming up with the mysterious yet peculiar Goldmember, Dr. Evil hatches a time-traveling scheme to take over the world, one that involves the kidnapping of Nigel Powers, Austin's beloved father and England's most renowned spy. As he chases the villains through time, Austin visits 1975 and joins forces with his old flame, Foxxy Cleopatra, a streetwise but stylish detective. Together Austin and Foxxy must find a way to save Nigel and stop Dr. Evil and Goldmember from their mischievous mayhem.
67,Everything that farmer Graham Hess (Mel Gibson) assumed about the world is changed when he discovers a message - an intricate pattern of circles and lines - carved into his crops. As he investigates the unfolding mystery, what he finds will forever alter the lives of his brother (Joaquin Phoenix) and children (Rory Culkin), (Abigail Breslin). A unique story that explores the mysterious real-life phenomena of crop signs and the effects they have on one man and his family.
44,The submarine U.S.S. Manta had a perfect record until the mysterious death of its captain. The next-in-command, Lt. Richard Brice (Bruce Greenwood) is determined to steer his disheartened crew back to safety. But after three battle survivors board the sub, bizarre and frightening things begin to happen. As the tale unfolds, and crew members begin to disappear, Ensign Douglas O'Dell (Matthew Davis) must piece together the puzzles of the submarine's past before it is too late to resurface alive.
19,"Pluto Nash" is an action comedy set on the moon in the year 2087, starring Eddie Murphy as the title character, an audacious nightclub owner who finds himself in hot water when he refuses to sell his club to the local mob. The lunar gangsters are helping the mysterious Rex Crater mastermind a plan to take over the moon.
65,Casual shoppers stocking up at the local SavMart may not pay much attention to the man at the photo counter. In fact, they may not even see him. Sy Parrish (Robin Williams), a lonely technician, is a store fixture who develops an unsettling obsession with the Yorkin family, long-time customers.
36,A contemporary satire on Hollywood, "Simone" is the story of disillusioned producer Viktor Taransky (Al Pacino), who creates the first totally believable synthetic actress, Simone. However, swept up by her instant success, including a major singing career, the producer cannot bear to admit his fraud to the world or himself.
85,This is the true story of Frida Kahlo (Salma Hayek) and her husband Diego Rivera (Alfred Molina), the larger-than-life painters who became the most acclaimed artists in Mexican history, and whose tempestuous love affair, landmark journeys to America, and outrageous personalities made them legendary.
64,A phone call can change your life, but for one man it can also end it. Set entirely within and around the confines of a New York City phone booth. "Phone Booth" follows a slick media consultant (Colin Farrell) who is trapped after being told by a caller -- a serial killer with a sniper rifle -- that he'll be shot dead if he hangs up.
80,Igby Slocumb (Kieran Culkin), a rebellious and sarcastic 17-year-old boy, is at war with the stifling world of old money privilege he was born into. With a schizophrenic father (Bill Pullman), a self-absorbed, distant mother (Susan Sarandon), and a shark-like young Republican big brother (Ryan Phillippe), Igby figures there must be a better life out there -- and sets about finding it.
33,The lives of two Canadian sisters (Gail Travers, Macha Grenon) are changed by their mutual first love for a Japanese pianist (Eiji Okuda).
82,Lee Holloway (Maggie Gyllenhaal), a young woman with a history of severe emotional problems, is released into the care of her overbearing parents following a stay at a mental institution. She finds work as a secretary for a rigid and demanding attorney, E. Edward Grey (James Spader), and starts dating the kind but dull Peter (Jeremy Davies). However, Lee soon realizes she's turned on by Grey's stern demeanor, and begins a sadomasochistic relationship with him.
39,When a convent in Mexico requests his services, vampire hunter Derek Bliss (Jon Bon Jovi) makes the trip south of the border to take care of their vampire problem once and for all. But with his former team dead, Bliss must assemble a mismatched crew of those available to him -- Father Rodrigo (Cristian de la Fuente), half-vampire Zoey (Natasha Wagner) and teenager Sancho (Diego Luna). As he takes on an extremely dangerous vampire princess (Arly Jover), Bliss will need all the help he can get.
66,Kidnapped by a witch, a princess with very long hair lives imprisoned in a tower and awaits rescue by a handsome prince.
42,In 1917 a malevolent force slowly drives nine soldiers mad while they are trapped in the enemy's corpse-strewn trenches.
83,Political documentary filmmaker Michael Moore explores the circumstances that lead to the 1999 Columbine High School massacre and, more broadly, the proliferation of guns and the high homicide rate in America. In his trademark provocative fashion, Moore accosts Kmart corporate employees and pleads with them to stop selling bullets, investigates why Canada doesn't have the same excessive rate of gun violence and questions actor Charlton Heston on his support of the National Rifle Association.
70,The story of Winnie Foster (Alexis Bledel), a teenage girl on the cusp of maturity. Winnie longs for a life outside the control of her domineering mother, and when lost in the woods near her home, she happens upon Jesse Tuck (Jonathan Jackson), a boy unlike any she's ever met before. He and his family are kind and generous, and they immediately take her in as one of their own. However, the Tucks hold a powerful secret, and Winnie must decide whether to return to her life or stay with the Tucks.
33,A shady businessman attempts to piece together the details of the car crash that killed his wife, rendered him an amnesiac, and left him in possession of a sinister puzzle box that summons monsters.
48,It sounds like just another urban legend -- a videotape filled with nightmarish images leads to a phone call foretelling the viewer's death in exactly seven days. Newspaper reporter Rachel Keller (Naomi Watts) is skeptical of the story until four teenagers all die mysteriously exactly one week after watching just such a tape. Allowing her investigative curiosity to get the better of her, Rachel tracks down the video and watches it. Now she has just seven days to unravel the mystery.
37,In a remote region of the Bering Sea, a boat salvage crew discovers the eerie remains of a grand passenger liner thought lost for more than 40 years. But once onboard the eerie, cavernous ship, the crew of the Arctic Warrior discovers that the decaying vessel is anything but deserted. It's home to something more deadly and horrific than anything they've encountered in all their years at sea.
67,A journalist (Kirk Cameron) and his small band of believers set out to prove to the world that the man they believe to be their savior is really the Antichrist.
85,A group of misguided animal rights activists free a caged chimp infected with the "Rage" virus from a medical research lab. When London bike courier Jim (Cillian Murphy) wakes up from a coma a month after, he finds his city all but deserted. On the run from the zombie-like victims of the Rage, Jim stumbles upon a group of survivors, including Selena (Naomie Harris) and cab driver Frank (Brendan Gleeson), and joins them on a perilous journey to what he hopes will be safety.
44,High school can be tough for many teenagers, but for Carrie White (Chloë Grace Moretz), it's especially hellish. A shy and awkward teen being raised by a religious zealot (Julianne Moore), Carrie is frequently the target of bullies. But Carrie has a secret talent: She can make things move with her mind. One fateful night, an especially cruel prank at her senior prom pushes her over the edge, and Carrie unleashes her telekinetic powers on all who get in her way.
54,The people of Detroit know 8 Mile as the city limit, a border, a boundary. It is also a psychological dividing line that separates Jimmy Smith Jr. (Eminem) from where and who he wants to be. A provocative fictional examination of a critical week in Jimmy's life.
80,The follow-up to "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" finds young wizard Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) and his friends, Ron (Rupert Grint) and Hermione (Emma Watson), facing new challenges during their second year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry as they try to discover a dark force that is terrorizing the school.
41,James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) is captured by North Korean agents and must serve a grueling prison sentence. He's finally released, and is convinced that someone in his own agency betrayed him. He escapes from custody and travels to Cuba, hot on the heels of Zao (Rick Yune), the agent who put Bond behind bars. Meanwhile, Bond begins romancing NSA agent Jinx (Halle Berry) as he uncovers a scheme concocted by Zao and British millionaire Graves (Toby Stephens), involving a highly destructive laser.
75,Finds Craig (Ice Cube) and Day-Day (Mike Epps) back in the old neighborhood where it all began. It's Christmas time and a ghetto Santa Claus breaks into their run-down apartment, stealing all their presents, along with anything else he can stuff into his sack, including the rent money hidden in their stereo speakers. Their only hope to not get evicted before Christmas is to take jobs as security guards at a local mall, where they learn some comic lessons about the true meaning of the holidays.
72,The legendary "loot of a thousand worlds" inspires an intergalactic treasure hunt when 15-year-old Jim Hawkins stumbles upon a map to the greatest pirate trove in the universe in Walt Disney Pictures' thrilling animated space adventure, "Treasure Planet." Based on one of the greatest adventure stories ever told - Robert Louis Stevenson's "Treasure Island" - this film follows Jim's fantastic journey across a parallel universe as a cabin boy aboard a glittering space galleon.
81,In a futuristic world, a regime has eliminated war by suppressing emotions: books, art and music are strictly forbidden and feeling is a crime punishable by death. Clerick John Preston (Christian Bale) is a top-ranking government agent responsible for destroying those who resist these rules. When he misses a dose of Prozium, a mind-altering drug that hinders emotion, Preston, who has been trained to enforce strict laws of the new regime, suddenly becomes the one capable of overthrowing it.
83,Nightclub sensation Velma (Catherine Zeta-Jones) murders her philandering husband, and Chicago's slickest lawyer, Billy Flynn (Richard Gere), is set to defend her. But when Roxie (Renée Zellweger) also winds up in prison, Billy takes on her case as well -- turning her into a media circus of headlines. Neither woman will be outdone in their fight against each other and the public for fame and celebrity.
81,Amsterdam Vallon (Leonardo DiCaprio) is a young Irish immigrant released from prison. He returns to the Five Points seeking revenge against his father's killer, William Cutting (Daniel Day-Lewis), a powerful anti-immigrant gang leader. He knows that revenge can only be attained by infiltrating Cutting's inner circle. Amsterdam's journey becomes a fight for personal survival and to find a place for the Irish people in 1860's New York.
95,The sequel to the Golden Globe-nominated and AFI Award-winning "The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring," "The Two Towers" follows the continuing quest of Frodo (Elijah Wood) and the Fellowship to destroy the One Ring. Frodo and Sam (Sean Astin) discover they are being followed by the mysterious Gollum. Aragorn (Viggo Mortensen), the Elf archer Legolas and Gimli the Dwarf encounter the besieged Rohan kingdom, whose once great King Theoden has fallen under Saruman's deadly spell.
89,Frank Abagnale, Jr. (Leonardo DiCaprio) worked as a doctor, a lawyer, and as a co-pilot for a major airline -- all before his 18th birthday. A master of deception, he was also a brilliant forger, whose skill gave him his first real claim to fame: At the age of 17, Frank Abagnale, Jr. became the most successful bank robber in the history of the U.S. FBI Agent Carl Hanratty (Tom Hanks) makes it his prime mission to capture Frank and bring him to justice, but Frank is always one step ahead of him.
89,When the daughter (Emmy Rossum) of ex-con Jimmy Marcus (Sean Penn) is murdered, two of his childhood friends from the neighborhood are involved. Dave (Tim Robbins), a blue-collar worker, was the last person to see her alive, while Sean (Kevin Bacon), a homicide detective, is heading up the case. As Sean proceeds with his investigation, Jimmy conducts one of his own through neighborhood contacts. Eventually, Jimmy suspects Dave is the culprit and considers taking the law into his own hands.
14,An officer (Dean Cain) and his team try to capture a genetically engineered dragon which escaped from their underground lab.
75,After a workplace shooting in New Orleans, a trial against the gun manufacturer pits lawyer Wendell Rohr (Dustin Hoffman) against shady jury consultant Rankin Fitch (Gene Hackman), who uses illegal means to stack the jury with people sympathetic to the defense. But when juror Nicholas Easter (John Cusack) and his girlfriend, Marlee (Rachel Weisz), reveal their ability to sway the jury into delivering any verdict they want, a high-stakes cat-and-mouse game begins.
29,Two friends from Brooklyn (Jerry O'Connell), (Anthony Anderson) are forced to deliver mob money to Australia. Their misadventures begin when one of them places his red jacket on a kangaroo while attempting to snap a picture. When the kangaroo bounces off, they realize the mob money is in the jacket and are forced to give chase through the Outback.
34,In Maine, the residents of Darkness Falls are all aware of the legend of Matilda Dixon, an old woman who was tragically murdered by a mob in the 1800s because the townspeople thought she was killing children. Now Darkness Falls has to contend with Matilda's supernatural wrath. Childhood friends Kyle (Chaney Kley) and Caitlin (Emma Caulfield) return home to uncover the truth behind the legend after Caitlin's little brother (Lee Cormie) has recurring nightmares about Matilda.
58,Kimberly (A.J. Cook) has a premonition of a horrible highway accident killing multiple people -- including her and her friends. She blocks the cars behind her on the ramp from joining traffic -- and as a police trooper (Michael Landes) arrives, the accident actually happens. Now, Death is stalking this group of mistaken survivors -- and one by one they are dying as they were supposed to on the highway.
54,After taming the wild west in the comedy "Shanghai Noon," Chon Wang (Jackie Chan) and Roy O'Bannon (Owen Wilson) are back in the saddle, but off the range -- this time, they're out to settle a score in civilized London in the sequel, "Shanghai Knights." When a Chinese rebel murders Chon's estranged father and escapes to England, Chon and Roy make their way to London with revenge on their minds.
35,Attorney Matt Murdock (Ben Affleck) is blind, but his other four senses function with superhuman sharpness. By day, Murdock represents the downtrodden. At night, he is Daredevil, a masked vigilante, a relentless avenger of justice. When Wilson Fisk (Michael Clarke Duncan) hires Bullseye (Colin Farrell) to kill Daredevil, Murdock must rely on his own senses and search out the conspirators against justice -- which may include his own girlfriend, Elektra (Jennifer Garner).
86,After discovering his girlfriend (Juliette Lewis) has been participating in group sex, attorney Mitch (Luke Wilson) feels his world come undone. He moves into a new place, which happens to be near a college campus, and tries to get his life back together. Two of his best friends, Frank (Will Ferrell) and Beanie (Vince Vaughn), start hanging out at Mitch's house, eventually turning the place into a wild party pad, much to the ire of the college's dean, Gordon "Cheese" Pritchard (Jeremy Piven).
32,High-school student Cody Banks (Frankie Muniz) wants nothing more than what every other teen wants: to survive the banality of adolescence and become an adult. But Banks is no ordinary teen; he's a CIA agent. And, when he's not doing his homework, Banks is on the case, spying on fellow student Natalie Connors (Hilary Duff) in order to get close to her father (Martin Donovan), a scientist who has invented killer nanobots designed to bring down the country.
35,"Dreamcatcher" tells of four young friends who perform a heroic act -- and are changed forever by the uncanny powers they gain in return. Years later the friends, now men, are on a hunting trip in the Maine woods when they are overtaken by a blizzard in which something much more ominous moves. Challenged to stop an alien force, the friends must first prevent the slaughter of innocent civilians by a military vigilante, then overcome a threat to the bond between them.
27,The mayor (James Woods) of New York endures political battles and personal struggles with his wife, Donna Hanover (Penelope Ann Miller).
65,An empty fuel tank and a flat tire lead two couples down a terror-riddled road to the House of 1000 Corpses. "House of 1000 Corpses" is at its core a story of family - a cast of twisted individuals who, with each slash of a throat or stab thru the chest, add bodies to their sick human menagerie.
23,After years of homeschooling, dim-bulb teen Harry Dunne (Derek Richardson) finally makes the leap to public school and meets the equally intellectually challenged Lloyd Christmas (Eric Christian Olsen). The duo land in a "special needs" class created by Principal Collins (Eugene Levy) in order to bilk money from parents to fund his condo in Waikiki, Hawaii. His corruption is discovered by Jessica (Rachel Nichols), a fellow student who asks Harry and Lloyd to help her prove Collins' guilt.
76,A boy and his friends question the motives of a woman (Sigourney Weaver) who forces them to dig holes at a detention camp.
75,When a vicious storm breaks out in the Nevada desert, 10 people seek refuge in an isolated motel. At the same time, a serial killer (Pruitt Taylor Vince) under the care of psychiatrist Doctor Mallick (Alfred Molina) -- who has just found the killer's revealing journal -- awaits execution for murdering a group of motel guests. When the storm-stranded travelers realize they are being killed off one by one, limo driver Ed Dakota (John Cusack) bids to stay alive and reveal the murderer's identity.
78,A collection of nine short films features stories related to "The Matrix."
60,A TV producer hopes that rivalry between estranged twins-turned-teammates (Mary-Kate Olsen, Ashley Olsen) will boost the ratings on his reality show.
72,Freedom fighters Neo (Keanu Reeves), Trinity (Carrie-Anne Moss) and Morpheus (Laurence Fishburne) continue to lead the revolt against the Machine Army, unleashing their arsenal of extraordinary skills and weaponry against the systematic forces of repression and exploitation. In their quest to save the human race from extinction, they gain greater insight into the construct of The Matrix and Neo's pivotal role in the fate of mankind.
89,A barren soundstage is stylishly utilized to create a minimalist small-town setting in which a mysterious woman named Grace (Nicole Kidman) hides from the criminals who pursue her. The town is two-faced and offers to harbor Grace as long as she can make it worth their effort, so Grace works hard under the employ of various townspeople to win their favor. Tensions flare, however, and Grace's status as a helpless outsider provokes vicious contempt and abuse from the citizens of Dogville.
57,Bruce Nolan's (Jim Carrey) career in TV has been stalled for a while, and when he's passed over for a coveted anchorman position, he loses it, complaining that God is treating him poorly. Soon after, God (Morgan Freeman) actually contacts Bruce and offers him all of his powers if he thinks he can do a better job. Bruce accepts and goes on a spree, using his new-found abilities for selfish, personal use until he realizes that the prayers of the world are going unanswered.
86,Marlin (Albert Brooks), a clown fish, is overly cautious with his son, Nemo (Alexander Gould), who has a foreshortened fin. When Nemo swims too close to the surface to prove himself, he is caught by a diver, and horrified Marlin must set out to find him. A blue reef fish named Dory (Ellen DeGeneres) -- who has a really short memory -- joins Marlin and complicates the encounters with sharks, jellyfish, and a host of ocean dangers. Meanwhile, Nemo plots his escape from a dentist's fish tank.
75,Young misfit May (Angela Bettis) endured a difficult childhood because of her lazy eye. And though contact lenses have helped May adjust as a young adult, her deep-seated awkwardness remains a problem. Adam (Jeremy Sisto), a young man obsessed with fixing wrecked cars, takes a shine to May's oddball ways. But May's strangeness ultimately drives him away, leaving her open to the advances of her co-worker Polly (Anna Faris). When Polly dumps her too, May's emotional instability turns violent.
30,After a band of medical students receives a decaying but living body reported to be the vampire Count Dracula (Stephen Billington), they set out to harness his power and immortality. As a bonus, their mentor, Lowell (Craig Sheffer), claims that there is a mysterious donor willing to fund their research. During the study, student Elizabeth Blaine (Diane Neal) injures herself on the vampire's tooth and starts to feel strange. Soon, vampire hunter Father Uffizi (Jason Scott Lee) is on their trail.
90,This animated film follows elderly Frenchwoman Madame Souza as she becomes involved in international intrigue when her grandson, Champion, a professional cyclist, is kidnapped and taken abroad. Joined by her faithful dog, Bruno, Souza embarks on a journey to find Champion, and stumbles across unlikely allies in the form of three sisters who are veterans of the vaudeville stage. Tracking down Champion's criminal captors, the quartet of old women use their wits to try and win the day.
70,A deep-sea diver (Brian Donlevy) falls for a magazine writer (Glenda Farrell) who uses him for source material.
29,Eric Bana ("Black Hawk Down") stars as scientist Bruce Banner, whose inner demons transform him in the aftermath of a catastrophic experiment; Jennifer Connelly portrays Betty Ross, whose scientific genius unwittingly helps unleash the Hulk; Nick Nolte plays Banner's brilliant father, who passes on a tragic legacy to his son; and Sam Elliott portrays the commander of a top-secret military research center.
56,The adventurous sailor (Brad Pitt) and a beautiful stowaway (Catherine Zeta-Jones) have 10 days to save a prince from execution.
86,Capt. Jack Sparrow (Johnny Depp) arrives at Port Royal in the Caribbean without a ship or crew. His timing is inopportune, however, because later that evening the town is besieged by a pirate ship. The pirates kidnap the governor's daughter, Elizabeth (Keira Knightley), who's in possession of a valuable coin that is linked to a curse that has transformed the pirates into the undead. A gallant blacksmith (Orlando Bloom) in love with Elizabeth allies with Sparrow in pursuit of the pirates.
44,Bez Stone (Alec Baldwin) is in the midst of the worst day of his life: His manuscript has been rejected by Daniel Webster (Anthony Hopkins) ; he has lost his job, and he's broke. After accidentally killing an elderly woman with his typewriter, Bez makes a desperate bargain with a sexy devil (Jennifer Love Hewitt) for 10 years of success. Then things really go to hell.
78,The drug ecstasy is flowing into Miami, and the police want it stopped. Police Detective Marcus Burnett (Martin Lawrence) and his partner, Mike Lowrey (Will Smith), are just the men to do it. They track the drugs to a Cuban smuggler, Johnny Tapia (Jordi Mollà), who is also involved in a bloody war with Russian and Haitian mobsters. If that isn't bad enough, there's tension between the two cops because Lowrey is romantically involved with Burnett's sister, Syd (Gabrielle Union).
76,In the midst of the Great Depression, a businessman (Jeff Bridges) coping with the tragic death of his son, a jockey with a history of brutal injuries (Tobey Maguire) and a down-and-out horse trainer (Chris Cooper) team up to help Seabiscuit, a temperamental, undersized racehorse. At first the horse struggles to win, but eventually Seabiscuit becomes one of the most successful thoroughbreds of all time, and inspires a nation at a time when it needs it most.
50,Pals Adam (Eric Jungmann) and Harley (Justin Urich) take a break from their road trip and stop at a country bar. Harley accidentally mocks the locals, and, as the two leave, they're chased by a freakish man in a monster truck. The buddies drive for their lives but make time to pick up cute hitcher Sarah (Aimee Brooks). As the crazed driver runs down whoever gets in his way, the three seek refuge in a backwoods diner. Unfortunately, it serves human flesh, and the madness and gore continue.
63,Even though Jim (Jason Biggs) and Michelle (Alyson Hannigan) have been dating for several years, she's still surprised when he proposes to her in their favorite restaurant. After she happily agrees, Jim asks his best friends, Kevin (Thomas Ian Nicholas) and Paul (Eddie Kaye Thomas), to help him make sure the wedding goes as smoothly as possible. As the big day approaches, trouble arises when the trio learns their hard-partying friend, Stifler (Seann William Scott), is in town.
57,Single mother Tess Coleman (Jamie Lee Curtis) and her teenage daughter Anna (Lindsay Lohan) couldn't be more different, and it is driving them both insane. After receiving cryptic fortunes at a Chinese restaurant, the two wake up the next day to discover that they have somehow switched bodies. Unable to switch back, they are forced to masquerade as one another until a solution can be found. In the process, they develop a new sense of respect and understanding for one another.
37,After his son is set upon by a scarecrow that seems to have come alive, farmer Jack Taggart Sr. (Ray Wise) and his son, Jack Taggart Jr. (Luke Edwards), go looking for an explanation. Meanwhile, a bus carrying high-school students breaks down nearby, and a creature known as the Creeper (Jonathan Breck) starts a killing spree. The elder Taggart soon realizes that the killings and the attack on his son are connected, and, after alerting the community to be on guard, he aims to pummel the Creeper.
25,Archeologist Robert Burns (Steven Seagal) is on a dig in China and discovers that criminals are using his artifacts to smuggle drugs. Then his assistant is murdered by the crooks, and Burns is arrested for the crime. Once proven innocent and released, he heads back to the U.S., where his wife, Maya (Kata Dobó), is killed in an explosion set by the smugglers. He sets out to get his revenge on the killers, with Chinese cop Ling (Michelle Goh) and DEA agent Grey (Corey Johnson) also in pursuit.
77,Honor student Tracy Freeland (Evan Rachel Wood) has a troubling home life, but she is close to her mother, Melanie (Holly Hunter). While trying to conceal her inner turmoil by excelling academically, she befriends the calculating Evie (Nikki Reed), her school's queen bee. Evie talks Tracy into experimenting with drugs, exploring her sexuality and pickpocketing strangers to finance shopping sprees -- but before long, Melanie realizes she must step in and stop her daughter's destructive lifestyle.
72,Nine intertwined stories examine the complexities of the one emotion that connects us all: love. Among the characters explored are David (Hugh Grant), the handsome newly elected British prime minister who falls for a young junior staffer (Martine McCutcheon), Sarah (Laura Linney), a graphic designer whose devotion to her mentally ill brother complicates her love life, and Harry (Alan Rickman), a married man tempted by his attractive new secretary.
64,Return of the mythic guitar-slinging hero, El Mariachi (Antonio Banderas), in the final installment of the Mariachi/Desperado trilogy. The saga continues as El Mariachi makes his way across a rugged landscape on the blood trail of Barrillo (Willem Dafoe), a cartel kingpin with one last score to settle who is planning a coup d'etat against the president of Mexico. Enlisted by Sands (Johnny Depp), a corrupt CIA agent, El Mariachi demands retribution.
56,A mysterious mask guides young heroes on a quest to save their world.
79,Under cover of night, vampires engage in an age-old battle with their sworn enemies, the Lycans, a clan of violent werewolves. Selene (Kate Beckinsale), a vampire orphaned in the wake of a bloody Lycan attack, works for the vampire clan as a trained killer. When the Lycans take a mysterious interest in Michael Corvin (Scott Speedman), an exceptional mortal doctor, Selene struggles to save him from Lucian (Michael Sheen), a ruthless Lycan leader hellbent on ending the vampire bloodline.
64,Overly enthusiastic guitarist Dewey Finn (Jack Black) gets thrown out of his bar band and finds himself in desperate need of work. Posing as a substitute music teacher at an elite private elementary school, he exposes his students to the hard rock gods he idolizes and emulates -- much to the consternation of the uptight principal (Joan Cusack). As he gets his privileged and precocious charges in touch with their inner rock 'n' roll animals, he imagines redemption at a local Battle of the Bands.
17,Divers try to recover diamonds in waters infested by white sharks.
63,Batman (Kevin Conroy) and a new crime-fighter battle the Penguin and his arms-smuggling operation.
65,Kenai (Joaquin Phoenix) is a young Indian brave with a particular distaste for bears. When his brother Sitka (D.B. Sweeney) is killed by one, Kenai in turn kills the bear, only to be magically transformed into one himself. To make matters worse, his other brother Denahi (Jason Raize) vows to kill the bear Kenai has become. Kenai's only hope is a magical mountain where he believes he can be changed back to a human, and he enlists a real bear cub, Koda, to get him there.
73,This film is a dramatization of the decision-making behind the Johnson administration's escalation of the Vietnam War in the mid 1960s. As Lyndon Johnson (Michael Gambon) agonizes over sending more troops to Southeast Asia, he is given contradictory advice from Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara (Alec Baldwin) and Secretary of State Dean Rusk (John Aylward). The president also attempts to build his Great Society at home, while balancing the war's increasing drain on the nation's resources.
79,Werner Herzog documents a Buddhist ritual in India.
60,In a dystopia overrun by robots, Neo (Keanu Reeves), mankind's greatest hope, is trapped in a limbo world. Meanwhile, the majority of the planet's population remains in a state of suspended virtual reality. The few humans who are cognizant of the grim realities of the world desperately try to hold off their mechanical enemies long enough for Neo to escape and save the day, but things turn disastrous when all-powerful computer program Agent Smith (Hugo Weaving) arrives in the flesh.
50,Sick of ceding the spotlight to Bugs Bunny (Joe Alaskey), Daffy Duck is unceremoniously fired by studio boss Kate Houghton (Jenna Elfman) when he demands equal pay and billing. Daffy goes on a studio lot rampage, taking down security guard D.J. Drake (Brendan Fraser) in the process, who is also sacked. But when D.J.'s A-list actor dad (Timothy Dalton) is kidnapped by the evil Mr. Chairman (Steve Martin), D.J. and Daffy try to rescue him, while also being pursued by Kate and Bugs.
70,Fifteen-year-old Charlotte Flax (Winona Ryder) is tired of her wacky mom (Cher) moving their family to a different town any time she feels it is necessary. When they move to a small Massachusetts town and Mrs. Flax begins dating a shopkeeper (Bob Hoskins), Charlotte and her 9-year-old sister, Kate (Christina Ricci), hope that they can finally settle down. But when Charlotte's attraction to an older man gets in the way, the family must learn to accept each other for who they truly are.
69,A teenager (Christy Carlson Romano) and her clumsy friend (Will Friedle) travel through time to stop villains from wreaking havoc.
86,The culmination of nearly 10 years' work and conclusion to Peter Jackson's epic trilogy based on the timeless J.R.R. Tolkien classic, "The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King" presents the final confrontation between the forces of good and evil fighting for control of the future of Middle-earth. Hobbits Frodo and Sam reach Mordor in their quest to destroy the `one ring', while Aragorn leads the forces of good against Sauron's evil army at the stone city of Minas Tirith.
21,A man (Jacob Witkin) tries to unlock the secret behind a group of murderous toys.
56,Tom (Steve Martin) and Kate Baker (Bonnie Hunt) have compromised their careers to raise 12 children. Tom coaches a high-school football team, while Kate has retired from journalism to raise the family. Things change when Tom is offered a college coaching job in a new city at the same time a publisher buys Kate's parenting memoir. After moving, Kate goes on a book tour, leaving Tom in charge of the children, who -- already unhappy about relocating -- plunge the household into chaos.
30,City hairdresser Emily Woodrow (Tangi Miller) finds the answer to her financial problems when she stumbles upon a chest brimming with gold. Although she and her friends quickly go from rags to riches, they discover that the gold belongs to someone else: an evil leprechaun (Warwick Davis) who has returned from hell to claim his treasure. Speaking in riddles and rhymes, the demon stalks his victims with ruthless determination -- and scores some really good pot along the way.
80,When North Korean ruler Kim Jong-il (Trey Parker) orchestrates a global terrorist plot, it's up to the heavily armed marionettes of the highly specialized Team America unit to stop his dastardly scheme. The group, which includes the thespian-averse technology expert Chris (Matt Stone), not only has to face off against Jong-il, but they must also contend with F.A.G., the Film Actors Guild, a cadre of Hollywood liberals at odds with Team America's "policing the world" tactics.
48,This sequel to the 2002 film returns to the Chicago barbershop owned by Calvin Palmer Jr. (Ice Cube). His employees -- Isaac (Troy Garity), Terri (Eve), Ricky (Michael Ealy), Dinka (Leonard Earl Howze) and Kenard -- have their own personal and workplace problems, and a new barbershop called Nappy Cutz has moved in across the street. As Calvin tries to change the character of his business, Nappy Cutz and gentrification become a threat to the surrounding community.
80,Andrea is about to marry a man she does not love when a mysterious guest arrives and reminds her of the man she truly loves.
37,A beautiful woman (Amira Casar) pays a homosexual man (Rocco Siffredi) to observe her naked body at her isolated home.
18,A giant, prehistoric shark terrorizes members of an oil rig in the North Atlantic.
64,Rugged cowboy Frank Hopkins (Viggo Mortensen) is an expert horseman who performs in Buffalo Bill's Wild West Show. When affluent Sheik Riyadh (Omar Sharif), piqued by tales of Hopkins' talent, challenges Hopkins to prove himself in a treacherous long-distance horse race called the Ocean of Fire, Hopkins is forced to oblige. In the Middle East with his American mustang, he must race against thoroughbred horses ridden by the best riders in the world with his reputation -- and his life -- at stake.
89,When the hapless Sing (Stephen Chow) and his dim-witted pal, Bone (Feng Xiaogang), try to scam the residents of Pig Sty Alley into thinking they're members of the dreaded Axe Gang, the real gangsters descend on this Shanghai slum to restore their fearsome reputation. What gang leader Brother Sum (Danny Chan) doesn't know is that three legendary retired kung fu masters (Yu Xing, Dong Zhihua, Chiu Chi-ling) live anonymously in this decrepit neighborhood and don't take kindly to interlopers.
75,After a brutal breakup at a high-school graduation party, lovelorn Ohio teen Scott Thomas (Scott Mechlowicz) goes on a quest across Europe to find his sexy German pen pal, Mieke (Jessica Boehrs). Joining him are his brainless buddy (Jacob Pitts) and a pair of twins (Travis Wester, Michelle Trachtenberg) they meet up with in Paris. Scott's quest does not turn out to be easy, however, and the backpackers become embroiled in many farcical situations as they hop from country to country.
66,In a futuristic world elevators shuttle passengers everywhere, and while en route, they have to play a dangerous and deadly game that pits one car against another.
63,Winnie the Pooh (Jim Cummings) and friends discover that Rabbit (Ken Sansom) has no interest in an Easter egg hunt.
92,Pierre (Jean-Baptiste Maunier) is an aimless child at an austere boarding school in France. The students and faculty are constantly at odds with one another, until a music teacher, Clément Mathieu (Gérard Jugnot), arrives and starts a choir. Clément -- who has troubles of his own -- tries to change the reactionary policies of the school, choosing instead to encourage his students. His efforts have a particular impact on Pierre, who shows great musical promise.
77,When her husband is attacked by a zombified neighbor, Ana (Sarah Polley) manages to escape, only to realize her entire Milwaukee neighborhood has been overrun by the walking dead. After being questioned by cautious policeman Kenneth (Ving Rhames), Ana joins him and a small group that gravitates to the local shopping mall as a bastion of safety. Once they convince suspicious security guards that they are not contaminated, the group bands together to fight the undead hordes.
27,Father Daniel Clemens (Christian Slater), a priest experiencing a crisis of faith, learns that good-hearted Father Andrews (Von Flores) has been accused of murder. Hoping to prove his friend innocent, Daniel turns to Madeline Finney (Molly Parker), a journalist whom he dated before he took his vows. McCaran (Stephen Rea), a church lawyer, also tries to defend the accused man. The three must overcome numerous obstacles -- including the Roman Catholic Church itself -- to find the truth.
29,To save their owner's farm, three cows (Roseanne Barr, Judi Dench, Jennifer Tilly) try to capture a notorious rustler and collect a $750 reward.
75,Twin tiger cubs Kumal and Sangha are torn apart when their father is killed by hunter Aidan McRory (Guy Pearce). Kumal finds himself in a circus, where his spirits are broken by an abusive trainer (Vincent Scarito), while Sangha is adopted by a politician's son (Freddie Highmore) and cast aside when he attacks the family dog. The brothers struggle to survive in a world where tigers are enslaved or killed for sport, and when they inevitably meet again, it is under the worst of circumstances.
70,A girl who's sick of the social strictures of junior high is transformed into a grownup overnight. In this feel-good fairy tale, teenager Jenna (Christa B. Allen) wants a boyfriend, and when she's unable to find one, she fantasizes about being a well-adjusted adult. Suddenly, her secret desire becomes a reality, and she is transformed into a 30-year-old (Jennifer Garner). But adulthood, with its own set of male-female challenges, isn't as easy as it looks.
12,An elite division of soldiers (Richard Burgi, Colleen Porch) battles gigantic insects while barricaded in a remote outpost.
89,In a Mexico City wracked by a recent wave of kidnappings, ex-CIA operative John Creasy (Denzel Washington) reluctantly accepts a job as a bodyguard for 9-year-old Lupita (Dakota Fanning), the daughter of wealthy businessman Samuel Ramos (Marc Anthony). Just as Creasy begins to develop a fondness for the young girl, a bloodthirsty gunman (Jesús Ochoa) kidnaps her. Now, Creasy must pick off a succession of corrupt cops and criminals to reach his ultimate object of vengeance.
41,A woman (Caroline Néron) hires a police detective (Michael Paré) to track her stepdaughter, a stripper.
66,Teenage Cady Heron (Lindsay Lohan) was educated in Africa by her scientist parents. When her family moves to the suburbs of Illinois, Cady finally gets to experience public school and gets a quick primer on the cruel, tacit laws of popularity that divide her fellow students into tightly knit cliques. She unwittingly finds herself in the good graces of an elite group of cool students dubbed "the Plastics," but Cady soon realizes how her shallow group of new friends earned this nickname.
73,Based on Homer's "Iliad," this epic portrays the battle between the ancient kingdoms of Troy and Sparta. While visiting Spartan King Menelaus (Brendan Gleeson), Trojan prince Paris (Orlando Bloom) falls for Menelaus' wife, Helen (Diane Kruger), and takes her back to Troy. Menelaus' brother, King Agamemnon (Brian Cox), having already defeated every army in Greece, uses his brother's fury as a pretext to declare war against Troy, the last kingdom preventing his control over the Aegean Sea.
57,Famed monster slayer Gabriel Van Helsing (Hugh Jackman) is dispatched to Transylvania to assist the last of the Valerious bloodline in defeating Count Dracula (Richard Roxburgh). Anna Valerious (Kate Beckinsale) reveals that Dracula has formed an unholy alliance with Dr. Frankenstein's monster (Shuler Hensley) and is hell-bent on exacting a centuries-old curse on her family. Together Anna and Van Helsing set out to destroy their common enemy, but uncover some unsettling secrets along the way.
57,FBI agent Jake Harris (Val Kilmer) escorts a group of cadets to a remote island for simulation training. The cadets, under the leadership of J.D. (Christian Slater), will try to catch an imaginary serial killer within the island's elaborate facility. The FBI, however, is suspicious of Harris' methods and dispatch Gabe Jensen (LL Cool J) to act as an outside observer. What he finds is a simulation exercise that becomes dangerously real and training that becomes a fight for survival.
53,The famous monster hunter travels to London to deal with vicious Dr. Jekyll.
32,A man (Kieran O'Brien) reminisces about his steamy affair with an American woman (Margo Stilley) he met at a rock concert in England.
69,After returning from their honeymoon and showing home movies to their friends, Shrek and Fiona learn that her parents have heard that she has married her true love and wish to invite him to their kingdom, called Far Far Away. The catch is: Fiona's parents are unaware of the curse that struck their daughter and have assumed she married Prince Charming, not a 700-pound ogre with horrible hygiene and a talking donkey pal.
31,Manipulative college students (Kerr Smith, Kristina Anapau, Nathan Wetherington) amuse themselves by destroying the lives of others.
86,Harry Potter's (Daniel Radcliffe) third year at Hogwarts starts off badly when he learns deranged killer Sirius Black (Gary Oldman) has escaped from Azkaban prison and is bent on murdering the teenage wizard. While Hermione's (Emma Watson) cat torments Ron's (Rupert Grint) sickly rat, causing a rift among the trio, a swarm of nasty Dementors is sent to protect the school from Black. A mysterious new teacher helps Harry learn to defend himself, but what is his secret tie to Sirius Black?
32,Feeling ignored by her hustler boyfriend, Ford Welles (Frederick Weller), Vera Barrie (Neve Campbell) has begun numerous affairs. Ford, however, knows all about her affairs, but doesn't say anything. Believing he can capitalize on Vera's promiscuity, Ford offers her to an Italian count named Tommaso (Dominic Chianese) in exchange for $100,000. Surprisingly, Vera agrees to the deal, though, unknown to Ford, she has a scheme of her own she's eager to put into motion.
37,Based on the popular comic strip, this live-action comedy follows the exploits of Garfield (Bill Murray), the large, lazy and wisecracking cat owned by hapless Jon Arbuckle (Breckin Meyer). Jon's other housemate, Odie, is a dim but sweet dog who frequently annoys Garfield. When the conniving orange feline gets fed up with Odie, he devises a way to get rid of the pooch. However, after Garfield has a change of heart about Odie, he must find a way to get his fellow pet back.
55,Two FBI agent brothers, Marcus (Marlon Wayans) and Kevin Copeland (Shawn Wayans), accidentally foil a drug bust. As punishment, they are forced to escort a pair of socialites (Maitland Ward, Anne Dudek) to the Hamptons, where they're going to be used as bait for a kidnapper. But when the girls realize the FBI's plan, they refuse to go. Left without options, Marcus and Kevin decide to pose as the sisters, transforming themselves from African-American men into a pair of blonde, white women.
63,Ellen Wheeler (Elizabeth Taylor) is an unhappy housewife who settles her fraying nerves with alcohol while staring out her window. When she witnesses what she thinks is a murder through a neighbor's window, she calls the police, who find nothing when they investigate. With her neglectful husband (Laurence Harvey) skeptical and unsupportive, Ellen turns to her friend Sarah (Billie Whitelaw), who is slightly more receptive as the pair attempt to get to the bottom of the mystery.
32,Wayne Hayes (Robert Redford) and his wife, Eileen (Helen Mirren), seem to have it all. Over the years, they've built a prosperous business together while raising their two children, Tim and Jill. But the family's dream life becomes nightmarish when disgruntled employee Arnold Mack (Willem Dafoe) kidnaps Wayne and holds him for ransom. The FBI invades their home and scrutinizes every detail of their life -- and ultimately, it is left to Eileen to deliver the ransom and rescue her husband.
66,An arrogant attorney unknowingly insults a factory worker. This becomes a significant problem when he later falls in love with him.
53,Sam (Hilary Duff), a teenager in California, is obliged to work as a janitor and dishwasher in the diner of her stepmother (Jennifer Coolidge). After a cell phone mix-up, Sam begins an anonymous text-messaging and e-mail relationship with a boy. They agree to meet at a school dance, but when Sam finds out that her secret pen pal is none other than Austin Ames (Chad Michael Murray), the cutest boy in school, she panics and looks for a way to make herself cooler.
32,The daughter (Christine M. Auten) of Lucifer (Mike Kleinhenz) finds allies in her quest to wrest control of hell from her father.
72,In a pastoral town in Turkey, a family goes through changes as the seasons blend into one another. In winter, the daughter and son struggle through lessons at school. Spring comes, and as the frost recedes, the children explore the natural beauty of the terrain that surrounds them. When summer arrives, the siblings have a picnic with their grandmother (Fatma Ceylan) and grandfather (Emin Ceylan), who relate stories about life during World War I. With autumn comes domestic tranquility.
59,Mia (Anne Hathaway), still coming to terms with her life as a princess, graduates from Princeton. She returns to Genovia, and her best friend, Lilly (Heather Matarazzo), goes with her. When they arrive, Mia's grandmother (Julie Andrews) informs her that Mia cannot become queen unless she is married within 30 days. Nicholas Devereaux (Chris Pine) is one of her top suitors, though he is more interested in the crown than Mia. But when Nicholas realizes he loves Mia, he decides not to pursue her.
71,After her brother (Jason Ritter) dies in a car accident, Terri (Hilary Duff) wants to leave her small-town life to attend a performing arts school in Los Angeles, but her father (David Keith) forbids her from going. Under the auspices of visiting an aunt, Terri leaves for L.A., but now she has to prepare for the school's talent competition while also keeping her secret from her father. Meanwhile, Terri's singing partner, Jay (Oliver James), is harboring a secret crush.
27,Father Merrin (Stellan Skarsgard) is haunted by his experiences in World War II, when occupying Nazi troops forced him to be complicit in their atrocities. In the aftermath, he has renounced his faith and begun working as an archaeologist. He travels to Kenya, where a fifth-century Byzantine church holds ancient relics. There he encounters Sarah (Izabella Scorupco), a doctor and concentration camp survivor. The strange occurrences that soon begin reunite him with the evil he sought to escape.
85,Naruto and his teammates must guard a famous actress who harbors a hidden past.
27,Bill Johnson (Johnny Messner) leads a group of scientists (KaDee Strickland, Matthew Marsden, Nicholas Gonzalez, Eugene Byrd, Salli Richardson-Whitfield) into the jungles of Borneo. They are searching for the mythical black orchid, which can supposedly grant eternal life. Unfortunately, massive anacondas have been feeding on the orchids for years. When their boat goes over a waterfall, the scientists land right in the middle of the snakes' home.
50,Born to poor parents, Becky Sharp (Reese Witherspoon) has always aspired to be a member of England's upper classes. Leaving her boarding school and best friend, Amelia (Romola Garai), behind, Becky associates herself with the Crawleys, eventually falling in love with their son, Rawdon (James Purefoy). The marriage is happy at first, but deteriorates when Rawdon's fortune dwindles. Becky is then supported by the lecherous Marquess of Steyne (Gabriel Byrne), whose motives are less than pure.
79,Matthew (Josh Hartnett) and Lisa (Diane Kruger) are madly in love. But one day Lisa vanishes. Simon enters an emotional tailspin and begins an obsessive quest to find her. Years later, Simon's life has stabilized, and he's in a new relationship. Then he thinks he sees Lisa in a restaurant and fixates on her all over again. He snoops around and eventually tracks down the mysterious woman from the restaurant. Her name is Alex (Rose Byrne), but she acts just like Lisa.
59,Schoolteacher Jessica Martin (Kim Basinger) is abducted by ruthless crook Ethan (Jason Statham) and brought to a remote hideout, where she finds a broken cell phone. Unfortunately, when she tries to use the malfunctioning phone to contact the authorities, she accidentally reaches college student Ryan (Chris Evans) instead. The young man wants to help Jessica, but she has no idea where her captors have taken her, and Ryan must scramble to figure out where she is before his cell phone goes dead.
77,After hitting a young woman with her car, Jane (Natthaweeranuch Thongmee) and her photographer boyfriend, Tun (Ananda Everingham), begin seeing a shadowy figure haunting the background of Tun's photographs. Concerned that the figure is the vengeful spirit of the young woman from the accident, Jane does some research and soon discovers that the girl was named Natre (Achita Sikamana) and had been a classmate of Tun's. As the haunting continues, Jane uncovers a shocking secret.
60,A deadly virus from a secret Umbrella Corporation laboratory underneath Raccoon City is exposed to the world. Umbrella seals off the city to contain the virus, creating a ghost town where everyone trapped inside turns into a mutant zombie. Alice (Milla Jovovich), a survivor from Umbrella's secret lab, meets former Umbrella security officer Jill Valentine (Sienna Guillory) and mercenary Carlos Oliviera (Oded Fehr). Together, they search for a scientist (Jared Harris) who might be able to help.
43,Underachiever Oscar (Will Smith) is a pint-sized fish with grand aspirations. When mob-connected great white shark Frankie (Michael Imperioli) is accidentally killed, Oscar concocts a story with Frankie's peace-loving brother Lenny (Jack Black) that it was he who murdered the shark. Suddenly hailed "Sharkslayer" by his aquatic brethren, Oscar has bigger fish to fry when Frankie's father, mob boss Don Lino (Robert De Niro), dispatches his henchmen to track down his son's killer.
84,Photographer Adam Stanheight (Leigh Whannell) and oncologist Lawrence Gordon (Cary Elwes) regain consciousness while chained to pipes at either end of a filthy bathroom. As the two men realize they've been trapped by a sadistic serial killer nicknamed "Jigsaw" and must complete his perverse puzzle to live, flashbacks relate the fates of his previous victims. Meanwhile, Dr. Gordon's wife (Monica Potter) and young daughter (Makenzie Vega) are forced to watch his torture via closed-circuit video.
43,After a slew of traffic accidents, police Detective Andy Washburn (Jimmy Fallon) has his driver's license revoked by his lieutenant (Jennifer Esposito), who also demotes him. One day on duty, Andy hears of a bank robbery and hails a taxi driven by Belle (Queen Latifah), a new cabbie. During a chase, they lose the robbers, a group of models led by Vanessa (Gisele Bündchen), and Belle's taxi is impounded. Andy promises to get the car back for Belle if she helps him catch the thieves.
79,Intellectual engineers Aaron (Shane Carruth) and Abe (David Sullivan) build and sell error-checking technology with the help of their friends Robert (Casey Gooden) and Phillip (Anand Upadhyaya). But when Aaron and Abe accidentally invent what they think is a time machine, Abe builds a version capable of transporting a human and puts the device to the test. As the two friends obsess over their creation, they discover the dark consequences of their actions.
94,Tae-suk (Jae-hee) is a lonely drifter who spends his nights in one empty vacation home after another. However, Tae-suk is not your usual squatter, as the courteous young man always makes sure to show his absent -- and unknowing -- hosts his gratitude by doing small household tasks or making simple improvements before moving on. One day, Tae-suk mistakes a quiet home for an empty one and stumbles across an abused housewife (Seung-Yun Lee) in urgent need of his intervention.
87,This charming account of a period in the life of author J.M. Barrie (Johnny Depp) reveals the real relationships and events that served as the basis for the author's most iconic work, "Peter Pan." After Barrie develops a platonic relationship with the widowed Sylvia (Kate Winslet) and her four sons, he is inspired to write a play about a group of children who don't want to grow up. The work proves a hit and winds up bringing Barrie and the children together in a way he had never expected.
46,Matthew Williams (William Mapother), his wife, Jennifer (Clea DuVall), and mother, Emma (Grace Zabriskie), are Americans making a new life in Tokyo. Together they move into a house that has been the site of supernatural occurrences in the past, and it isn't long before their new home begins terrorizing the Williams family as well. The house, as it turns out, is the site of a curse that lingers in a specific place and claims the lives of anyone that comes near.
87,Legendary soul musician Ray Charles is portrayed by Jamie Foxx in this Oscar-winning biopic. Young Ray watches his 7-year-old brother drown at age seven. When he loses his sight at the age of 9, his hardworking mother (Sharon Warren) urges him not to feel sorry for himself. He rises through the ranks of the Seattle jazz scene, struggling with drug addiction and infidelity while on the road. Supported by his wife (Kerry Washington), Ray Charles redefines soul music and inspires a generation.
42,When Mulan (Ming-Na) accepts General Shang's (B.D. Wong) marriage proposal, her guardian, Mushu (Mark Moseley), fears that he will lose his place in her life as she is accepted into Shang's family. Meanwhile, the Emperor asks Mulan and her fiancé to accompany three princesses to meet their future spouses in a distant territory. During the course of their dangerous journey through China, Mushu attempts to break up the young couple, and unlikely relationships flourish.
78,In 21st-century Paris, a member (Cyril Raffaelli) of an elite police squad must enter a crime-ridden ghetto to defuse a bomb that has fallen into the hands of Taha (Larbi Naceri), a powerful hoodlum. The cop joins forces with a civilian (David Belle) who must rescue his sister (Dany Verissimo) from the same criminal who holds the bomb.
39,Gentle Glen (Billy Boyd) is a ventriloquist's dummy, the offspring of evil doll Chucky (Brad Dourif) and his doll bride (Jennifer Tilly), both of whom are now deceased. When the orphaned Glen hears that a film is being made about his parents, he goes to Hollywood and resurrects them in an attempt to get to know them better. He is horrified when Chucky and his lover embark on a new killing spree, and Chucky is equally horrified that his son has no taste for evil.
78,In this lively animated adventure, undersea oddball SpongeBob SquarePants and his starfish friend, Patrick, embark on a quest to clear the name of Mr. Krabs, the owner of the Krusty Krab restaurant, who has been framed for stealing the crown of ocean deity King Neptune. Leaving the familiar confines of Bikini Bottom, SpongeBob and Patrick venture out towards Shell City, where they hope to find Neptune's crown, but numerous obstacles stand (or float) in their way.
38,Finally alone for the holidays, Luther (Tim Allen) and Nora Krank (Jamie Lee Curtis) plan to eschew the Christmas traditions and take a cruise in the Caribbean instead. This doesn't sit well with their Christmas-obsessed neighbors Vic Frohmeyer (Dan Aykroyd) and Walt Scheel (M. Emmet Walsh), who are determined to win the annual "best decorated street" competition, and the Kranks soon find themselves social outcasts because of their lack of Christmas spirit.
90,Frankie Dunn (Clint Eastwood) is a veteran Los Angeles boxing trainer who keeps almost everyone at arm's length, except his old friend and associate Eddie "Scrap Iron" Dupris (Morgan Freeman). When Maggie Fitzgerald (Hilary Swank) arrives in Frankie's gym seeking his expertise, he is reluctant to train the young woman, a transplant from working-class Missouri. Eventually, he relents, and the two form a close bond that will irrevocably change them both.
58,Now that Greg Focker is "in" with his soon-to-be in-laws, Jack and Dina Byrnes, it looks like smooth sailing for him and his fiancée, Pam. But that's before Pam's parents meet Greg's parents, the Fockers. The hyper-relaxed Fockers and the tightly-wound Byrneses are woefully mismatched from the start, and no matter how hard Greg and Pam try, there is just no bringing their families together. This all adds up to a disastrously funny time of getting to know you.
44,Animated character Fat Albert (Kenan Thompson) emerges from his TV universe into the real world, accompanied by Old Weird Harold (Aaron Frazier), Dumb Donald (Marques B. Houston) and Mushmouth (Jermaine Williams). Though the gang is flabbergasted by the modern world, they make new friends, and Albert attempts to help young Doris (Kyla Pratt) become popular. But things get complicated when Albert falls for her older sister, Lauri (Dania Ramirez), and must turn to creator Bill Cosby for advice.
54,After years of working as an ad executive at a sports magazine, Dan Foreman (Dennis Quaid) is demoted and replaced with Carter Duryea (Topher Grace), a rising star in the business world who is young enough to be Dan's son. Carter's business style leaves Dan shaking his head and wondering if the young man is ready for the corporate world. Dan's life is further complicated when he learns his wife is pregnant and Carter is dating his daughter, Alex (Scarlett Johansson).
50,Students at a school for masked wrestlers battle an evil force.
42,A baby zebra gets separated from a traveling circus in a small Kentucky town. It's eventually discovered by horse trainer Nolan Walsh (Bruce Greenwood) and his daughter, Channing (Hayden Panettiere), who falls in love with the animal. She calls him Stripes (Frankie Muniz) and keeps him as a pet. Though Nolan has forbidden Channing from racing ever since her mother was killed in an accident, her ambition is undiminished. With the help of her new pet, she's convinced that her goal can be realized.
49,A big lie involving some small friends teaches Littlefoot the value of honesty.
85,In 1999, Ken Carter (Samuel L. Jackson) returns to his old high school in Richmond, California, to get the basketball team into shape. With tough rules and academic discipline, he succeeds in setting the players on a winning streak. But when their grades start to suffer, Carter locks them out of the gym and shuts down their championship season. When he is criticized by the players and their parents, he sticks to his guns, determined that they excel in class as well as on the court.
81,At the end of each Antarctic summer, the emperor penguins of the South Pole journey to their traditional breeding grounds in a fascinating mating ritual that is captured in this documentary by intrepid filmmaker Luc Jacquet. The journey across frozen tundra proves to be the simplest part of the ritual, as after the egg is hatched, the female must delicately transfer it to the male and make her way back to the distant sea to nourish herself and bring back food to her newborn chick.
93,Civil war in El Salvador threatens the life of an 11-year-old (Carlos Padilla) and his family who live in a small village.
72,As a suicide survivor, demon hunter John Constantine (Keanu Reeves) has literally been to hell and back -- and he knows that when he dies, he's got a one-way ticket to Satan's realm unless he can earn enough goodwill to climb God's stairway to heaven. While helping policewoman Angela Dodson (Rachel Weisz) investigate her identical twin's apparent suicide, Constantine becomes caught up in a supernatural plot involving both demonic and angelic forces. Based on the DC/Vertigo "Hellblazer" comics.
62,Dating coach Alex "Hitch" Hitchens (Will Smith) mentors a bumbling client, Albert (Kevin James), who hopes to win the heart of the glamorous Allegra Cole (Amber Valletta). While Albert makes progress, Hitchens faces his own romantic setbacks when proven techniques fail to work on Sara Melas (Eva Mendes), a tabloid reporter digging for dirt on Allegra Cole's love life. When Sara discovers Hitchens' connection to Albert -- now Allegra's boyfriend -- it threatens to destroy both relationships.
32,A Hollywood star (Anthony Michael Hall) hangs out with a combat pilot (Michael Paré) for research, followed by action in the Mideast.
16,A cartoonist and family man, Tim Avery (Jamie Kennedy) lives a peaceful existence with his wife, Tonya (Traylor Howard), as well as their infant son and dog. When the curious canine finds a mask with mystical properties, both dog and baby create chaos with its powers. While Tim and Tonya try to contain the damage, the sly Norse god Loki (Alan Cumming) comes looking for the artifact, resulting in more mishaps that ultimately incur the wrath of the deity's powerful father, Odin (Bob Hoskins).
24,Two seductive teenagers go on a killing spree to inherit valuable diamonds.
53,In a world of sentient robots, striving young inventor Rodney Copperbottom (Ewan McGregor) wants to work for the avuncular Bigweld (Mel Brooks), whose Bigweld Industries makes spare robot parts. But Bigweld has just been deposed as company head by the villainous Phineas T. Ratchet (Greg Kinnear), who wants to make all robots submit to profitable forced upgrades. In this animated adventure, Rodney and his friend Fender (Robin Williams) go underground to fight Ratchet's evil plans.
32,A marine biologist investigates a new reef where several swimmers have recently disappeared and discovers that schools of deadly tiger sharks are arriving in the area just before Spring Break Week.
29,As the Allies prepare for the D-Day Invasion, a pigeon named Valiant (Ewan McGregor) wants to contribute to the war effort. With carrier pigeons being decimated by German falcon Von Talon (Tim Curry), the understaffed Royal Homing Pigeon Corps accepts pint-sized Valiant and his shady friend, Bugsy (Ricky Gervais). After surviving training, Valiant is sent on a dangerous assignment to rescue Mercury (John Cleese), a messenger bird taken prisoner by the Nazis.
78,In this quartet of neo-noir tales, a mysterious salesman (Josh Hartnett) narrates a tragic story of co-dependency, while a musclebound vigilante (Mickey Rourke) tears his way through the criminal underworld in search of his lost love (Jaime King). In another part of the city, a grizzled cop (Bruce Willis) foils the ambitions of a child-killer (Nick Stahl), and an ex-prostitute (Brittany Murphy) evades her ex-pimp (Benicio Del Toro) with the help of her new boyfriend, Dwight (Clive Owen).
43,An executive (Bruce Campbell), his wife (Antoinette Byron) and their chauffeur become the subjects of a mad scientist's experimental transplant surgery.
52,Chiller about a family who is terrorized by supernatural forces when they move into a new house in New York State which was the scene of a recent mass killing and the home of an 18th-century satanist. When swarms of flies appear from nowhere and the pipes and walls begin to ooze slime and blood, they call on a local priest to exorcise the evil spirits.
49,While investigating a series of gruesome murders, an unorthodox detective meets a housewife who has been suffering from terrible nightmares and amnesia in the wake of the attacks.
32,When the government finds out that a group of terrorists has infiltrated its ranks, and the group is being trained by high-ranking official George Deckert (Willem Dafoe), NSA Agent Augustus Gibbons (Samuel L. Jackson) hires an ex-con to bring down the nefarious plot. Thinking he can trust no one in the government, Augustus springs Darius Stone (Ice Cube), who once trained under him, from prison. Although Darius is a loose cannon, Augustus is convinced he is the only man for the job.
42,A gang of college friends, including Wade (Jared Padalecki) and his girlfriend, Carly (Elisha Cuthbert), are en route to a school football game when they wind up with a flat tire in a ghost town. They are forced to seek help in the only place that's open: the local wax museum. Once inside the spooky and seemingly abandoned building, they find the works on display are not quite what they seem -- and the group soon discovers it's being hunted by the insane twin brothers who run the museum.
72,Still in grief over his wife's sudden death, village blacksmith Balian (Orlando Bloom) joins his long-estranged father, Baron Godfrey (Liam Neeson), as a crusader on the road to Jerusalem. After a perilous journey to the holy city, the valiant young man enters the retinue of the leprous King Baldwin IV (Edward Norton), which is rife with dissent led by the treacherous Guy de Lusignan (Marton Csokas), who wishes to wage war against the Muslims for his own political and personal gain.
25,Haunted by terrible acts the Nazis forced him to participate in, the disenchanted Father Lankester Merrin (Stellan Skarsgard) focuses his energies on helping with an archaeological dig in the northern part of Kenya. There, the crew uncovers a church that predates Christian missions into the area, but the discovery also causes strange events to start occurring -- including physical changes to a young, disabled boy (Billy Crawford), whom Merrin grows to suspect has been possessed by a demon.
66,Alex the lion is the king of the urban jungle, the main attraction at New York's Central Park Zoo. He and his best friends -- Marty the zebra, Melman the giraffe and Gloria the hippo -- have spent their whole lives in blissful captivity before an admiring public and with regular meals provided for them. Not content to leave well enough alone, Marty lets his curiosity get the better of him and makes his escape -- with the help of some prodigious penguins -- to explore the world.
62,Disgraced pro football quarterback Paul Crewe (Adam Sandler) lands in jail, where manipulative Warden Hazen (James Cromwell) recruits him to advise the institution's team. This turns into a lead role quarterbacking a crew of inmates in a game against a team of prison guards. Aided by incarcerated ex-NFL coach Nate Scarborough (Burt Reynolds), Crewe and his team must overcome not only the bloodthirstiness of the opposition, but also the corrupt officials trying to fix the game against them.
91,During the Great Depression, ex-boxer James J. Braddock (Russell Crowe) works as a day laborer until his former manager Joe Gould (Paul Giamatti) offers him a one-time slot against a rising young contender. After he wins a shocking upset, Braddock goes back into the ring full time, against the wishes of his frightened wife, Mae (Renée Zellweger). Dubbed "The Cinderella Man" for his rags-to-riches story, Braddock sets his sights on the defending champion, the fearsome Max Baer (Craig Bierko).
94,A young Bruce Wayne (Christian Bale) travels to the Far East, where he's trained in the martial arts by Henri Ducard (Liam Neeson), a member of the mysterious League of Shadows. When Ducard reveals the League's true purpose -- the complete destruction of Gotham City -- Wayne returns to Gotham intent on cleaning up the city without resorting to murder. With the help of Alfred (Michael Caine), his loyal butler, and Lucius Fox (Morgan Freeman), a tech expert at Wayne Enterprises, Batman is born.
37,Predating his adventures as an adult vine-swinger, this animated feature has awkward teenager Tarzan (Harrison Chad) searching for an identity when he realizes that he's out of place among the apes that have raised him. He ventures out into the jungle and imitates a series of other animals to see if they might be better role models. This approach does not succeed. It's only when he meets a reclusive ape (George Carlin) that his journey toward self-discovery nears its destination.
38,Maggie Peyton (Lindsay Lohan) wants to become a NASCAR driver but her overprotective father, Ray Peyton Sr. (Michael Keaton), won't hear of it. A former racer himself, Ray wants Maggie to take a lucrative TV sportscasting job and leave the driving to her crash-prone brother (Breckin Meyer). When Ray Sr. takes Maggie to a junkyard to pick out a car, she has no idea that the little Volkswagen Beetle -- named Herbie -- she takes home will change her life.
42,Dockworker Ray Ferrier (Tom Cruise) struggles to build a positive relationship with his two children, Rachel (Dakota Fanning) and Robbie (Justin Chatwin). When his ex-wife, Mary Ann (Miranda Otto), drops them off at Ferrier's house, it seems as though it will be just another tension-filled weekend. However, when electromagnetic pulses of lightning strike the area, the strange event turns out to be the beginning of an alien invasion, and Ferrier must now protect his children as they seek refuge.
45,Scientist Reed Richards (Ioan Gruffudd) persuades his arrogant former classmate, Victor von Doom (Julian McMahon), to fund his experiments with cosmic energy. On von Doom's space station, the crew -- including astronaut Ben Grimm (Michael Chiklis), researcher Sue Storm (Jessica Alba) and pilot Johnny Storm (Chris Evans) -- are exposed to a mysterious cosmic storm that bestows super powers upon them. As they cope with their transformations, von Doom vows his revenge.
38,Roy McCormick (Martin Lawrence) is a college basketball coach more famous for his temper than for his coaching ability. After one of his rages gets him banned from the sport, Roy takes a job coaching basketball at a middle school in an attempt to repair his reputation. Amazingly, what Roy began as a show of rehabilitation begins to genuinely change him, and he learns to care for his team. His relationship with local mom Jeanie (Wendy Raquel Robinson) is a good influence as well.
28,A mysterious brawler (Dominique Vandenberg) who has no memory meets unsavory characters from his past.
76,A year after a severe emotional trauma, Sarah (Shauna Macdonald) goes to North Carolina to spend some time exploring caves with her friends; after descending underground, the women find strange cave paintings and evidence of an earlier expedition, then learn they are not alone: Underground predators inhabit the crevasses, and they have a taste for human flesh.
51,Based on the beloved Roald Dahl tale, this comedic and fantastical film follows young Charlie Bucket (Freddie Highmore) and his Grandpa Joe (David Kelly) as they join a small group of contest winners who get to tour the magical and mysterious factory of eccentric candy maker Willy Wonka (Johnny Depp). Aided by his diminutive Oompa Loompa workers (Deep Roy), Wonka has a hidden motivation for the tour, one that he will reveal only after the children in the group show their true colors.
55,Seven exceptional swordsmen (Donnie Yen, Leon Lai) band together to save villagers from bounty hunters.
58,Mercenary Frank Martin (Jason Statham) has accepted a job that seems easy enough, as chauffeur and bodyguard to young Jack (Hunter Clary), son of crusading politician Jefferson Billings (Matthew Modine). The problem is that Billings is crusading against an international drug cartel. They retaliate by kidnapping Jack and infecting him with a deadly and highly contagious virus. Responsible for the boy, Frank must reclaim him and then find an antidote before scores of innocents are stricken.
62,Brothers K.C. (Steve Howey) and Trip Carlyle (Mike Vogel) are talented supercross racers who are fiercely competitive with each other. Things get heated when K.C. is offered an exclusive sponsorship deal while Trip is left in the background. But, when the latter is tragically disabled after a racing accident, the brothers manage to set aside their differences. Trip begins coaching K.C. and helps him work his way into a race featuring the world's best riders, with a huge cash prize.
74,After his father's demise, Charlie Price (Joel Edgerton) inherits the family business, a shoe factory in Northampton, England. He is not interested in shoes, and the factory is in such dire financial straits that he must lay off 15 employees. However a fortuitous encounter with a transvestite cabaret singer (Chiwetel Ejiofor) inspires Charlie to save the factory from closure by producing erotic footwear, much to the chagrin of the workers.
23,Gamers who participate in an online role-playing game (MMORPG) are invited to a rave whose host plans to show them all the truth behind the Cenobite mythos.
77,Victor (Johnny Depp) and Victoria's (Emily Watson) families have arranged their marriage. Though they like each other, Victor is nervous about the ceremony. While he's in a forest practicing his lines for the wedding, a tree branch becomes a hand that drags him to the land of the dead. It belongs to Emily, who was murdered after eloping with her love and wants to marry Victor. Victor must get back aboveground before Victoria marries the villainous Barkis Bittern (Richard E. Grant).
75,Russian army recruits complete training and take their posting in late 1980s Afghanistan, where the insurgents are slowly gaining the upper hand.
76,When a pair of petty criminals attempt to rob his small-town diner, Tom Stall (Viggo Mortensen) quickly and easily kills them both. In the flush of news coverage of Tom's seemingly heroic actions, a threatening stranger named Carl Fogarty (Ed Harris) comes to town, fingering the unassuming family man as long-missing Philadelphia mobster Joey Cusack. To the horror of his wife, Edie (Maria Bello), and teenage son, Jack (Ashton Holmes), Tom finds he must confront his violent past.
71,After they wreck their house chasing each other, Tom and Jerry enter a race around the world to win a new house.
65,Reunited on their 21st birthday, twin sisters (Tia Mowry, Tamera Mowry) use their magic powers to save their kingdom from the forces of darkness.
34,A team of space marines known as the Rapid Response Tactical Squad, led by Sarge (The Rock), is sent to a science facility on Mars after somebody reports a security breach. There, they learn that the alert came after a test subject, a mass murderer purposefully injected with alien DNA, broke free and began killing people. Dr. Grimm (Rosamund Pike), who is related to team member Reaper (Karl Urban), informs them all that the chromosome can mutate humans into monsters -- and is highly infectious.
64,Widower Cedric Brown (Colin Firth) hires Nanny McPhee (Emma Thompson) to care for his seven rambunctious children, who have chased away all previous nannies. Taunted by Simon (Thomas Sangster) and his siblings, Nanny McPhee uses mystical powers to instill discipline. And when the children's great-aunt and benefactor, Lady Adelaide Stitch (Angela Lansbury), threatens to separate the kids, the family pulls together under the guidance of Nanny McPhee.
59,On the hunt for the twisted vigilante and serial killer Jigsaw (Tobin Bell), Detective Eric Matthews (Donnie Wahlberg) and his team must apprehend the elusive murderer to rescue eight people trapped in an abandoned house, before they succumb to his torturous and murderous games. One twist to this task is that Matthews' own son, Daniel (Erik Knudsen), is among the eight people Jigsaw has chosen to test for their lack of morality. With nerve gas pumping through the house, every second counts.
50,Eager to carry on his older brother's legacy of mischievous and lewd behavior, Matt Stifler (Tad Hilgenbrinck) masterminds a school prank that lands him in serious trouble. Banished to band camp as punishment, Matt initially rails against his geeky and musically inclined surroundings, but he has a change of heart when he encounters the lovely Elyse (Arielle Kebbel), his childhood love interest. Can Matt tame his raucous inclinations to win the girl of his dreams?
47,Young Chicken Little (Zach Braff) throws his small town into panic by claiming the sky is falling. Unable to find the piece of "sky" that hit him, he earns the town's scorn. A year later, outcast Little tries to redeem himself by joining the baseball team, helping to win a crucial game. Later that night he is hit on the head again and discovers that the "falling sky" is actually from a UFO. Now, Little must convince the skeptical town that an alien invasion is about to happen.
51,After their father (Tim Robbins) is called into work, two young boys, Walter (Josh Hutcherson) and Danny (Jonah Bobo), are left in the care of their teenage sister, Lisa (Kristen Stewart), and told they must stay inside. Walter and Danny, who anticipate a boring day, are shocked when they begin playing Zathura, a space-themed board game, which they realize has mystical powers when their house is shot into space. With the help of an astronaut (Dax Shepard), the boys attempt to return home.
58,Temptation and a difficult home life leave Charles (Clive Owen) open to an affair with Lucinda (Jennifer Aniston), whom he meets during his commute. Both are married with children, and it isn't long before they are together in a sleazy motel. However, a thug named LaRoche (Vincent Cassel) bursts into the room and attacks them, and they can't report it without their families discovering the affair. As if the violation wasn't enough, LaRoche then calls Charles to blackmail him.
74,The fourth movie in the Harry Potter franchise sees Harry (Daniel Radcliffe) returning for his fourth year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, along with his friends, Ron (Rupert Grint) and Hermione (Emma Watson). There is an upcoming tournament between the three major schools of magic, with one participant selected from each school by the Goblet of Fire. When Harry's name is drawn, even though he is not eligible and is a fourth player, he must compete in the dangerous contest.
17,Upon waking the morning after a threesome with a Hungarian prostitute and his high-society fiancée, Tish Harrington (Lori Heuring), political candidate David Huxley (Johnathon Schaech) finds himself threatened by a devious criminal with hidden-camera footage of the steamy encounter. In a desperate attempt to save the well-connected Harrington family from a scandal, Huxley and Tish venture into a sordid world of pornography and sex work in the backstreets of Budapest, Hungary.
71,High school student Chris Brander (Ryan Reynolds) loves his best friend, Jamie Palamino (Amy Smart). He finally confesses his feelings, but she tells him that she just wants to be friends, and he leaves town in shame. Ten years later, Chris is a successful record executive and involved with self-absorbed pop star Samantha James (Anna Faris). He still pines for Jamie, though, and when his plans to go to Paris for the holidays fall through, he returns to his hometown to try and win her heart.
13,U.S. soldiers in the Middle East come face-to-face with a legendary creature that a vengeful Iraqi has unleashed.
33,A jealous woman (Mischa Barton) plots revenge after her former beau (Matt Long) returns to their hometown with a pretty new girlfriend (Jessica Stroup).
50,Peter Jackson's expansive remake of the 1933 classic follows director Carl Denham (Jack Black) and his crew on a journey from New York City to the ominous Skull Island to film a new movie. Accompanying him are playwright Jack Driscoll (Adrien Brody) and actress Ann Darrow (Naomi Watts), who is whisked away by the monstrous ape, Kong, after they reach the island. The crew encounters dinosaurs and other creatures as they race to rescue Ann, while the actress forms a bond with her simian captor.
88,Arrested for satirizing the king, two clowns can have a reprieve if they can make him laugh.
85,Caught in an affair with another man (Liev Schreiber), a scientist's callow wife (Naomi Watts) accompanies her husband (Edward Norton) to mainland China in the 1920s to fight a cholera epidemic. There, she embarks on a journey of self-discovery that leads to an unexpected chance at redemption.
53,Best friends Josh (Derek Richardson) and Paxton (Jay Hernandez) decide to spend the summer after college graduation on an all-out backpacking trip across Europe. While stopping in Amsterdam to indulge their tastes for drugs and sex, they meet Oli (Eythor Gudjonsson), a like-minded traveler from Iceland. When the three bachelors set off to investigate enticing rumors of a Slovakian hostel in a city populated by lusty women, they find themselves drawn unwittingly into a deadly game.
72,Seductive vampire Selene (Kate Beckinsale) and renegade werewolf Michael (Scott Speedman) love one another, but find themselves abhorred by the members of their own clans. Seeking clues that might provide a key to healing the rift between their species, they are hounded by Marcus (Tony Curran), an ancient creature obsessed with perpetuating the war between them. Continually beset by enemies from both sides, the lovers explore their pasts as they seek their destiny.
43,In 19th-century Mexico two women (Penélope Cruz, Salma Hayek) from vastly different backgrounds join forces against a ruthless U.S. bank magnate (Dwight Yoakam) who is stealing land from defenseless peasants so that he can build a railroad. A New York detective (Steve Zahn) arrives on the scene to bring the ladies in, but instead they win him over to their side.
74,Troy Bolton (Zac Efron), the star athlete at a small-town high school, falls for nerdy beauty Gabriella Montez (Vanessa Anne Hudgens) at a holiday karaoke party. When they return to campus, Troy and Gabriella audition for the upcoming school musical. Meanwhile, the jealous Sharpay Evans (Ashley Tisdale) conspires to squelch their chances. The two must struggle to make it to auditions while also meeting their existing obligations to the basketball team and the academic decathlon.
82,Despondent after breaking up with his girlfriend, Zia (Patrick Fugit) kills himself and wakes up in a bland purgatory populated by other suicides. He takes a job at Kamikaze Pizza and befriends a Russian rocker named Eugene (Shea Whigham) while trying to make the best of a very dull afterlife. Learning that his ex-girlfriend has also killed herself, Zia embarks on a road trip with Eugene to find her, picking up a feisty hitchhiker (Shannyn Sossamon) along the way.
60,After the death of his mother, a fawn (Alexander Gould) develops a deeper bond with his noble father (Patrick Stewart).
67,Teenage dealer Johnny Truelove (Emile Hirsch) and his friends kidnap the impressionable younger brother (Anton Yelchin) of a junkie (Ben Foster) who refuses to pay his drug debt. Things change unexpectedly when Frankie (Justin Timberlake), one of Johnny's pals, befriends the youth.
41,Arturo Bandini (Colin Farrell) is a writer who moves from Colorado to Los Angeles with aspirations of completing a great novel. There he meets bold Mexican waitress Camilla (Salma Hayek). She wants to live a better life and thinks marrying for money may be her answer. Arturo, who tries to project a confidence that he is inwardly lacking, initially acts coldly toward Camilla. Despite not seeming like a viable match, a romance gradually develops between the two.
44,Far away from the site of a gruesome murder, a teenager named Jill Johnson (Camilla Belle) arrives at a luxurious home for a baby-sitting job. With the children fast asleep, she settles in for what she expects to be an ordinary evening. Soon, the ringing of a phone and the frightening words of a sadistic caller turn Jill's routine experience into a night of terror.
37,Bank security expert Jack Stanfield (Harrison Ford) builds a career on his expertise in designing theft-proof computer systems for financial institutions. However, a criminal mastermind (Paul Bettany) kidnaps his family, and he must work feverishly to find a way to break into his own system and steal $100 million, for the lives of his loved ones hang in the balance.
57,Six years after a group of high-school students first cheated death, another teen (Mary Elizabeth Winstead) has a premonition that she and her friends will be involved in a horrifying roller-coaster accident. When the vision proves true, the student and her fellow survivors must deal with the repercussions of cheating the Grim Reaper.
81,Soon after the death of his father, a distraught young man (Gael García Bernal) begins a job as a graphic designer, but has little chance to create. His intense dreams begin to overtake his waking life and he becomes increasingly caught up in flights of fancy. His hyperactive imagination then begins to interfere with his courtship of a pretty neighbor (Charlotte Gainsbourg).
90,Following world war, London is a police state occupied by a fascist government, and a vigilante known only as V (Hugo Weaving) uses terrorist tactics to fight the oppressors of the world in which he now lives. When V saves a young woman named Evey (Natalie Portman) from the secret police, he discovers an ally in his fight against England's oppressors.
48,As the luckiest woman in the world, Ashley (Lindsay Lohan) has a wonderful life, which all changes after she kisses a stranger (Chris Pine) at a costume party. She sees everything turn into a living hell, as she realizes that she has unwittingly exchanged her good fortune for the stranger's bad luck.
61,Two teenage girls (Joanna "JoJo" Levesque, Emma Roberts) discover that mermaids really do exist after a violent storm washes one ashore. The mermaid, a sassy creature named Aquamarine (Sara Paxton), is determined to prove to her father that real love exists, and enlists the girls' help in winning the heart of a handsome lifeguard (Jake McDorman).
36,An adolescent lion (Kiefer Sutherland) who was raised in captivity finds himself accidentally plucked from the New York Zoo and deposited in Africa. Meanwhile, the friends he left behind at the zoo must put aside their differences to help bring him home safely.
58,A family road trip takes a terrifying turn when the travelers become stranded in a barren atomic zone established by the U.S. government. However, the unlucky travelers discover to their horror that the wasteland is far from uninhabited, A band of bloodthirsty mutants prowls the area, and there is nothing they like better than fresh meat.
69,Elina (Kelly Sheridan) must rescue a prince to prevent a power-hungry fairy from ruling the land.
17,A lawman (Eric Wright) must save his daughter and girlfriend from a maniacal kidnapper (Kurt Angle).
63,Wheelsy is a small town where not much happens and everyone minds his own business. No one notices when evil slips in quietly but, when people find mutilated livestock and a woman goes missing, Sheriff Bill Pardy (Nathan Fillion) discovers an alien organism that threatens to devour all life on Earth.
70,Imprisoned in Russia, a man (Michael Jai White) relies on his street-fighting skills while fighting boxers in the ring.
51,Dim-witted Cindy Campbell (Anna Faris) and her sex-crazed friend, Brenda (Regina Hall), team up with cute-but-clueless Tom Ryan (Craig Bierko) to save the world from a hostile alien invasion, with hints of "War of the Worlds," "Saw II," "Million Dollar Baby" and "The Village." Celebrity cameos include Carmen Electra, Shaquille O'Neal, Dr. Phil McGraw, Bill Pullman, Molly Shannon and Michael Madsen.
63,Unable to accept the fact that her daughter is dying, Rose (Radha Mitchell) decides to take the girl to a faith healer. On the way, the pair drive through a portal in reality, leading to an eerie town called Silent Hill. The town is surrounded by a potent darkness, and the human survivors fight a losing battle against it.
11,Ghoulish stories revolve around a remote control, a strange radio, a murderous call girl (Camille Lacey), an engagement and a ghost.
45,The Munros are a typically American dysfunctional family, complete with rebellious, uncommunicative offspring and baffled parents. Patriarch Bob (Robin Williams) would like to remedy the situation before his son and daughter instant-message their parents out of their lives. Bob rents a motor home to take the clan on vacation but soon finds that camping and togetherness can be hazardous to one's health.
77,Would-be artist Ben (Sean Biggerstaff) realizes he has an extraordinary way of dealing with the tedium of his dead-end job stocking shelves at a store -- he has acquired the ability to halt time and explore the world while the rest of the earth's population remains frozen in place. Ben's unusual talent helps him forget about a nasty breakup with his ex-girlfriend Suzy (Michelle Ryan), but he begins to stop time so often that he may miss out on a new romance with his coworker Sharon (Emilia Fox).
43,After a huge tidal wave capsizes a luxury liner in the North Atlantic, individual survivors (Josh Lucas, Kurt Russell, Jacinda Barrett) band together and traverse a hazardous upside-down maze that they hope will take them to safety. As the wrecked vessel fills with water, the survivors must call on hidden strengths and skills to face the fight of their lives.
38,Benjamin Fiedler (Daryl Sabara) has a lot to be nervous about; his bar mitzvah is fast approaching, and his parents (Jeremy Piven, Jami Gertz) are caught up in plans to make his party even more lavish than the one the Steins threw for their son. Amid his family's debate over whether to invite an estranged grandfather (Garry Marshall), the youth solves the problem by arranging for Grandpa to arrive two weeks early.
50,A reclusive maniac (Kane) terrorizes a group of young petty criminals who have arrived to clean up a rotting hotel as part of their community service. After one of them is kidnapped, the petrified group must find a way to fight off a seemingly unstoppable foe.
79,While traveling to California to race against The King (Richard Petty) and Chick Hicks (Michael Keaton) for the Piston Cup Championship, Lightning McQueen (Owen Wilson) becomes lost after falling out of his trailer in a run down town called Radiator Springs. While there he slowly befriends the town's odd residents, including Sally (Bonnie Hunt), Doc Hudson (Paul Newman) and Mater (Larry the Cable Guy). When it comes time for him to leave to championship is no longer his top priority.
19,A stranger (Jerry O'Connell) tries to help a woman (Christine Taylor) save her injured boyfriend (Shane Brolly) from a hospital where demons lurk.
54,Ignacio (Jack Black), or Nacho to his friends, works as a cook in the Mexican monastery where he grew up. The monastery is home to a host of orphans whom Nacho cares for deeply, but there is not much money to feed them properly. Nacho decides to raise money for the children by moonlighting as a Lucha Libre wrestler with his partner Esqueleto (Héctor Jiménez), but since the church forbids Lucha, Nacho must disguise his identity.
27,Six students travel to Mexico and get caught in a small town where years ago a tragedy occurred and where often the cries of a woman can be heard.
61,While Lex Luthor (Kevin Spacey) plots to destroy him once and for all, the Man of Steel (Brandon Routh) returns after a long absence to a much-changed world. Lois Lane (Kate Bosworth) has moved on with her life, and society has learned to survive without him. Superman must find a way to reconnect with her and find his place in a world that may no longer need him.
76,Andy (Anne Hathaway) is a recent college graduate with big dreams. Upon landing a job at prestigious Runway magazine, she finds herself the assistant to diabolical editor Miranda Priestly (Meryl Streep). Andy questions her ability to survive her grim tour as Miranda's whipping girl without getting scorched.
23,Six long-time friends (Susan May Pratt, Richard Speight Jr., Niklaus Lange) try to stay afloat in the ocean after they forget to lower the ladder from a luxury yacht.
90,A teenage girl tries to use her newfound ability to travel through time to her advantage.
49,When Cleveland Heep (Paul Giamatti) rescues an enigmatic young woman (Bryce Dallas Howard) from danger, little does he know that she is a character from a bedtime story, who is trying to return to her world. As he falls deeply in love with her, he begins to realize that he and fellow tenants are also characters in the fable, and they must work together to protect her from those who would prevent her from returning home.
98,Filmmaker Thomas Marchese examines stories of fallen police officers and the effects on families, colleagues and communities.
49,Earth has been colonized by the Souls, an alien race that wipes out the minds of humans and turns their bodies into hosts for interstellar travelers. Most of mankind has been eradicated, but some, like Melanie (Saoirse Ronan) and her family, have survived and are hiding. Melanie is captured by a Seeker and has a Soul named Wanderer implanted in her body, but she refuses to relinquish control. When Wanderer betrays her people to save Melanie, the Seeker sets out in relentless pursuit.
46,In the land of Earthsea, a mysterious force threatens to plunge humanity into destruction and chaos. A powerful wizard named Sparrowhawk seeks the source of his world's imbalance, and along the way rescues a runaway prince named Arren. When Sparrowhawk's powers begin to weaken, he and Arren must join forces with a former priestess and her daughter to defeat an evil foe whose quest for immortality will destroy Earthsea.
52,Like the other animals in the barn, Otis the bull (Kevin James) likes to sing and play while the farmer is away. However, the carefree bovine must soon find the courage to be a leader when, unexpectedly, he finds himself in a position of great responsibility.
76,Naruto (Maile Flanagan) and friends must save a prince's kingdom from an uprising.
55,This animated tale finds big bear Kenai (Patrick Dempsey) emerging from hibernation with a ferocious hunger. When he goes to eat some berries with his little brother, Koda (Jeremy Suarez), he encounters his old human friend, Nita (Mandy Moore). She has a pressing problem, though. She wants to get married, but first has to burn her amulet at Hokani Falls. Since Kenai was the one who gave it to Nita, he must accompany her. Together, they head out to the waterfall for a transformative adventure.
61,A cat and a mouse must outsmart a band of pirates to find buried treasure.
55,Posing as an abandoned toddler, a very small fugitive (Marlon Wayans) from the law tricks a couple (Shawn Wayans, Kerry Washington) into taking him in. Once there, the baby-faced thief endures the other man's attempts at fatherhood while waiting for a chance to take back the stolen gem he hid in the wife's purse.
75,Nikki (Laura Dern), an actress, takes on a role in a new film, and because her husband (Peter J. Lucas) is very jealous, her co-star Devon (Justin Theroux) gets a warning not to make any romantic overtures -- especially since the characters they play are having an affair. Both actors learn that the project is a remake of an unfinished film in which the stars were murdered.
77,An accident connects four groups of people on three different continents: two young Moroccan goatherds, a vacationing American couple (Brad Pitt, Cate Blanchett), a deaf Japanese teen and her father, and a Mexican nanny who takes her young charges across a border without parental permission.
85,A mentally unstable IRS auditor (Will Ferrell) hears an author's (Emma Thompson) voice in his head and discovers that he is the ill-fated protagonist of her latest work. While a book-company employee (Queen Latifah) tries to cure the author's case of writer's block, the auditor and a professor (Dustin Hoffman) set out to find the woman and make her change her story.
74,With his incredible talent for discerning scents, Jean-Baptiste Grenouille (Ben Whishaw) is one of 18th-century France's finest perfumers. He becomes obsessed with capturing an elusive aroma: the scent of young womanhood. His search takes a deadly turn, and when the bodies of 12 young females are found, panic breaks out, with families rushing to lock up their daughters.
75,Five superheroes (Greg Cipes, Scott Menville, Khary Payton) search for a Japanese criminal after a high-tech ninja attack.
75,A princess and her 11 sisters must work together to save their father's kingdom.
12,Young Americans move to the wilds in the Pacific Northwest to start a utopian society.
85,Grant Taylor, a Christian high-school football coach (Alex Kendrick), gets some very bad news. Besides his and his wife's (Shannen Fields) infertility problems, he faces the attempt of local parents to force the school to replace him. His team, the Shiloh Eagles, has never had a winning season in the six years that he has coached the boys. Following a visitor's message, Grant tries to inspire his team to use faith to conquer fear and opposing teams.
87,Dr. Atsuko Chiba works as a scientist by day and, under the code name "Paprika," is a dream detective at night. Atsuko and her colleagues are working on a device called the DC Mini, which is intended to help psychiatric patients, but in the wrong hands it could destroy people's minds. When a prototype is stolen, Atsuko/Paprika springs into action to recover it before damage is done.
53,Chrissie (Jordana Brewster) and her friends (Matthew Bomer, Taylor Handley, Diora Baird) set out on a road trip for a final fling before one is shipped off to Vietnam. Along the way, bikers (Lee Tergesen, Cyia Batten) harass the foursome and cause an accident that throws Chrissie from the vehicle. The lawman who arrives on the scene kills one of the bikers and brings Chrissie's friends to the Hewitt homestead, where young Leatherface (Andrew Bryniarski) is learning the tools of terror.
67,A night watchman (Ben Stiller) at a museum of natural history makes a startling discovery: Thanks to the unleashing of an ancient Egyptian curse, the museum's animals, birds, bugs and other exhibits spring to life after the building closes, and former President Teddy Roosevelt (Robin Williams) is among those the hapless guard encounters.
65,After an ignoble landing in Ratropolis, a pampered rodent (Hugh Jackman) enlists the help of a sewer scavenger (Kate Winslet) in finding his way back to his posh London flat. Getting home is not the only problem, however; a rodent-hating toad (Ian McKellen) wants his notorious cousin, Le Frog (Jean Reno), to exterminate the pair.
90,After receiving a license to kill, British Secret Service agent James Bond (Daniel Craig) heads to Madagascar, where he uncovers a link to Le Chiffre (Mads Mikkelsen), a man who finances terrorist organizations. Learning that Le Chiffre plans to raise money in a high-stakes poker game, MI6 sends Bond to play against him, gambling that their newest "00" operative will topple the man's organization.
34,Karen Tunny is a recent widow and takes her two daughters, Sarah and Emma, to move into a remote mountain home they inherited from her husband. Karen does not realize the home is built near an old mine, where many children were buried alive in the early days of the 20th century.
30,Steve (Matthew Broderick), suburban dad and Christmas enthusiast, finds a wrinkle in his well-ordered existence with the arrival of his new neighbor Danny (Danny DeVito). Danny has big dreams and plans to illuminate his house with enough holiday lights to make it visible from space. Not to be outdone, Steve declares a war of one-upmanship with Danny that threatens to drag the Christmas spirit through the slush.
68,Beatrix Potter (Renée Zellweger) overcomes many obstacles in her quest to become a writer, including a domineering mother and the chauvinism prevalent in Victorian England. She falls in love with her publisher, Norman Warne (Ewan McGregor), and his marriage proposal and a subsequent tragedy change her life forever.
79,The Mayan kingdom is at the height of its opulence and power but the foundations of the empire are beginning to crumble. The leaders believe they must build more temples and sacrifice more people or their crops and citizens will die. Jaguar Paw (Rudy Youngblood), a peaceful hunter in a remote tribe, is captured along with his entire village in a raid. He is scheduled for a ritual sacrifice until he makes a daring escape and tries to make it back to his pregnant wife and son.
80,Two women, one (Cameron Diaz) from America and one (Kate Winslet) from Britain, swap homes at Christmastime after bad breakups with their boyfriends. Each woman finds romance with a local man (Jude Law, Jack Black) but realizes that the imminent return home may end the relationship.
76,Now long-retired, Rocky (Sylvester Stallone) runs a Philadelphia eatery and mourns the loss of his beloved wife, Adrian. Yearning to recapture a bit of his glory days, he plans to re-enter the ring for a few low-profile, local matches. All that changes when Rocky accepts a challenge to fight the world's reigning heavyweight champion, Mason "the Line" Dixon (Antonio Tarver).
83,Barbara Covett (Judi Dench), a veteran teacher at St. George's, senses a kindred spirit in Sheba Hart (Cate Blanchett), the school's new art teacher. The younger woman's charisma intensely draws in the older, and the two become friends. Then Barbara learns of Sheba's affair with a teenage student and becomes the keeper of the explosive secret.
89,Things go horribly awry when a young alien tries to pass his "abduction test" under the watchful eye of his instructor.
87,A dedicated teacher (Hilary Swank) in a racially divided Los Angeles school has a class of at-risk teenagers deemed incapable of learning. Instead of giving up, she inspires her students to take an interest in their education and planning their future. She assigns reading material that relates to their lives and encourages them all to keep journals.
32,Veteran reporter Tim Manfrey (Dominic Purcell) lands possibly the worst assignment of his life: Travel to the African country of Burundi to locate and capture the world's largest crocodile. Dubbed "Gustave" by the villagers, the croc is said to have dined on hundreds of humans over the years. Complicating matters is an African warlord who is even more bloodthirsty than the giant reptile.
47,Years ago, motorcycle stuntman Johnny Blaze (Nicolas Cage) sold his soul to save the life of a loved one. Now, he transforms into a fiery, avenging agent of justice at night wherever evil roams. As the only one who can walk in both worlds, Johnny is charged by Mephistopheles (Donal Logue) himself to destroy Blackheart (Wes Bentley), a demon that wants to overthrow Mephistopheles and create a worse hell than the one that currently exists.
44,When the Solomons trade in the craziness of big-city life for the quiet of a North Dakota farm, little do they expect the nightmare that follows. Soon after arriving, teenage Jess (Kristen Stewart) and her younger brother see terrifying apparitions and endure attacks from a supernatural source. Jess must warn her disbelieving family before it is too late to save them.
61,On the first anniversary of Cinderella's (Jennifer Hale) marriage to Prince Charming (C. D. Barnes), her stepsister Anastasia (Tress MacNeille) finds the Fairy Godmother's (Russi Taylor) wand in the forest. Cinderella's cruel stepmother, Lady Tremaine (Susanne Blakeslee), uses it to reverse time, making the famous glass slipper fit Anastasia's foot before Cinderella has a chance to try it on. No longer retaining any memory of who Cinderella is, the prince prepares to marry Anastasia.
53,Mild-mannered Norbit (Eddie Murphy) has always had it rough, since the day he was left abandoned at a combination Chinese restaurant and orphanage. Recently forced to marry the shrewish glutton Rasputia, he is at wit's end. Then his childhood sweetheart, Kate (Thandie Newton), moves back to town, and he tries to figure out a way back to his true love.
70,The life of Jesse (Josh Hutcherson), an adolescent, changes when he befriends Leslie (AnnaSophia Robb), the class outsider. The children create an imaginary world called Terabithia, which is inhabited by all manner of magical creatures. Though difficulties fill their ordinary lives, Jesse and Leslie rule as king and queen in Terabithia. Soon one of the friends must draw on the strength of their imaginary kingdom to cope with a tragedy.
24,After corrupt pilot Ratcher (Steve Toussaint) steals an experimental stealth force bomber from the Air Force, his former mentor, John Sands (Steven Seagal), is bailed out of jail and offered a clean record if he retrieves the plane. Partnered with Capt. Richard Jannick (Mark Bazeley), John travels to Afghanistan -- where he learns the craft has landed in the hands of vengeful Islamic terrorist Peter Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli), who plans to use it against the United States in a deadly attack.
56,A man's (Jim Carrey) discovery of an obscure book about the number 23 leads him on a descent into darkness. As he becomes more obsessed with its contents, he becomes more convinced that it is, in fact, based on his life. To his horror, he discovers grave consequences in store for the book's main character.
6,A veteran firefighter (Nicholas Brendon) tries to convince others about a creature spawned by the sun.
61,Tired of their humdrum lives, some middle-aged friends (Tim Allen, John Travolta, Martin Lawrence) decide to temporarily ditch their responsibilities and take a motorcycle trip. The freedom of the open road holds many surprises for the group, including an encounter with the Del Fuegos, a hardcore gang, who take a dim view of the novice bikers.
88,Takaki and Akari have series of meetings.
89,In 480 B.C. a state of war exists between Persia, led by King Xerxes (Rodrigo Santoro), and Greece. At the Battle of Thermopylae, Leonidas (Gerard Butler), king of the Greek city state of Sparta, leads his badly outnumbered warriors against the massive Persian army. Though certain death awaits the Spartans, their sacrifice inspires all of Greece to unite against their common enemy.
64,An apprentice fairy joins others to create the first rainbow of spring.
51,After his wife meets a grisly end, Jamie Ashen (Ryan Kwanten) returns to their creepy hometown of Ravens Fair to unravel the mystery of her murder. Once there, he discovers the legend of Mary Shaw (Joan Heney), a murdered ventriloquist whose eerie presence still looms over the town. As he desperately digs for answers, Jamie encounters the curse that took his wife's life and threatens his own.
87,High-school seniors Seth (Jonah Hill) and Evan (Michael Cera) have high hopes for a graduation party: The co-dependent teens plan to score booze and babes so they can become part of the in-crowd, but separation anxiety and two bored police officers (Bill Hader, Seth Rogen) complicate the pair's self-proclaimed mission.
74,Boy genius Lewis gives up hope of retrieving his latest invention, which was stolen by Bowler Hat Guy, then a young time-traveler named Wilbur Robinson arrives on the scene to whisk Lewis away in his time machine. The boys spend a day in the future with Wilbur's eccentric family and uncover an amazing secret at the same time.
68,Figure skaters Chazz Michael Michaels (Will Ferrell) and Jimmy MacElroy (Jon Heder) take their intense rivalry too far during the Olympic Winter Games in Salt Lake City; both are banned from competition after a nasty brawl. After several years out of the public eye and hungry for glory, the men decide to set aside their feud and exploit a loophole that allows them to compete as a pair.
31,Nick (Ice Cube) and Suzanne (Nia Long) decide to move to the suburbs to create a better life for children Lindsey (Aleisha Allen) and Kevin (Philip Bolden). The contractor (John C. McGinley) they hire to renovate their home has a rather odd way of doing business, complicating the family's move. Matters spiral further out of control when the contractor clashes with Nick but bonds with Suzanne and the children.
77,An ordinary evening in a small Texas town becomes a grisly nightmare when a horde of flesh-eating zombies goes on the prowl. Cherry (Rose McGowan), a go-go dancer, and Wray (Freddy Rodriguez), her ex-lover, band together with other survivors in a no-holds barred effort to escape the carnage. The odds become a bit more even when Cherry, who lost her leg to a hungry ghoul, gets a machine-gun appendage and lets the bullets fly.
52,After a bad breakup with his girlfriend leaves him heartbroken, Carter Webb (Adam Brody) moves to Michigan to take care of his ailing grandmother (Olympia Dukakis). Once there, he gets mixed up in the lives of the mother (Meg Ryan) and daughters who live across the street.
73,Willy Beachum (Ryan Gosling), a hotshot prosecutor, is about to leave his post for a lucrative job at a private law firm when his boss (David Strathairn) hands him a seemingly open-and-shut case. Ted Crawford (Anthony Hopkins) tried to kill his wife with a shot to the head and is defending himself in court. All hope for a quick and easy trial fly out the door when Ted proves to be a more cunning and devious adversary than Willy anticipates.
53,Blessed, or cursed, with the ability to see events minutes before they occur, Cris Johnson (Nicolas Cage) earns a living as a magician in Las Vegas and keeps a low profile under an alias. When terrorists threaten to detonate a nuclear weapon in Los Angeles, government agent Callie Ferris (Julianne Moore) goes on the hunt for Cris and hopes to convince him to help her stop the coming apocalypse.
43,An exiled Argentine returns home to help look for the body of a political activist who disappeared during the dictatorship.
81,Long married, Fiona (Julie Christie) and Grant (Gordon Pinsent) find their mutual devotion tested by her struggle with Alzheimer's disease. When it becomes apparent that the condition is worsening, she checks into a rest home. Grant visits her a month later and finds that his wife has grown close to Aubrey (Michael Murphy), a fellow resident. Jealous and hurt, Grant finally seeks help from Aubrey's wife (Olympia Dukakis) when Fiona suffers a crisis.
52,Teenage Rachel (Lindsay Lohan) is a real thorn in the side of her mother, Lilly (Felicity Huffman). More than just rebellious, she is incorrigible. After Rachel crashes a car, Lilly decides to haul the girl off to a place to which she vowed never to return: Her own mother's (Jane Fonda) Idaho home. Georgia, the family matriarch, lives by a strict code and expects all under her roof to do the same. Given structure and purpose, Rachel's anger at the world begins to subside.
38,Three buddies (Larry the Cable Guy, Bill Engvall, D.J. Qualls) set out on a relaxing weekend of drinking and target practice, when a sergeant (Keith David) mistakes them for Army Reservists. The three men are deployed to Iraq, but a premature ejection lands them in Mexico. Believing they are in the Middle East, the bogus soldiers save a village and become local heroes, until a karaoke-loving warlord decides to strike back.
82,After his brother's death, a troubled but gifted street dancer enrolls in Atlanta's Truth University. As he tries to concentrate on his studies and woo a pretty classmate, he finds himself in the middle of a tug-of-war between fraternities, who want to utilize his talents in an upcoming dance competition.
72,Stuntman Mike (Kurt Russell) is a professional body double who likes to take unsuspecting women for deadly drives in his free time. He has doctored his car for maximum impact; when Mike purposely causes wrecks, the bodies pile up while he walks away with barely a scratch. The insane Mike may be in over his head, though, when he targets a tough group of female friends, including real-life stuntwoman Zoe Bell (who served as Uma Thurman's double in "Kill Bill"), who plays herself.
74,Jenna (Keri Russell) works in a diner in a small Southern town and is a genius at creating luscious desserts, but her marriage to an overbearing lout (Jeremy Sisto) makes happiness impossible. When she discovers she is pregnant, she makes plans to skip town before her condition is obvious. However, she begins an affair with the new town doctor (Nathan Fillion), who is the only one who knows her secret.
37,A high-school student (Leighton Meester) must save townspeople from a murderous clown who works at a fast-food joint.
83,Rising journalist Alison Scott (Katherine Heigl) hits a serious bump in the road after a one-night stand with irresponsible slacker Ben Stone (Seth Rogen) results in pregnancy. Rather than raise the baby on her own, she decides to give Ben a chance to prove he is father material. However, he is unsure if he is ready to be a parent, and both wonder if they would be compatible lifetime partners.
44,A wimpy con artist (Rob Schneider) learns martial arts from a mysterious master (David Carradine) so that he can protect himself in jail.
52,Newscaster Evan Baxter (Steve Carell) leaves Buffalo behind when he wins a seat in Congress. Moving his wife (Lauren Graham) and family to northern Virginia, he seems to have it made, then God (Morgan Freeman) throws a crisis of biblical proportions at his feet: The Lord wants him to build an ark and line up all the animals two-by-two in preparation for a flood.
51,Reed (Ioan Gruffudd), Susan (Jessica Alba), Johnny (Chris Evans) and Ben (Michael Chiklis) face an intergalactic messenger who has arrived to prepare Earth for its destruction. While the enigmatic being wreaks havoc around the world, the heroic quartet must also contend with the unexpected return of their enemy, Victor Von Doom.
42,A week before his marriage to Fiona (Julie Bowen), fast-food executive Roderick (Simon Baker) receives an email with the names of 101 women, 29 of whom he's slept with. Deciding it's a complete list of his sexual history, past through future, Roderick breaks up with his fiancée and begins sleeping with everyone on the list despite the risk that he might die when he's done. Meanwhile, mysterious Death Nell (Winona Ryder), last on the list, is killing men as revenge for her own past ill treatment.
86,As the nation prepares to celebrate Independence Day, veteran cop John McClane (Bruce Willis) carries out another routine assignment: bringing in a computer hacker (Justin Long) for questioning. Meanwhile, a tech-savvy villain named Thomas Gabriel (Timothy Olyphant) launches an attack on America's computer infrastructure. As chaos descends around him, McClane must use old-fashioned methods to fight the high-tech threat.
61,Mike Enslin (John Cusack) is a successful author who enjoys worldwide acclaim debunking supernatural phenomena -- before he checks into the Dolphin Hotel, that is. Ignoring the warnings of the hotel manager (Samuel L. Jackson), he learns the meaning of real terror when he spends the night in a reputedly haunted room.
81,Now in his fifth year at Hogwarts, Harry (Daniel Radcliffe) learns that many in the wizarding community do not know the truth of his encounter with Lord Voldemort. Cornelius Fudge, minister of Magic, appoints his toady, Dolores Umbridge, as Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, for he fears that professor Dumbledore will take his job. But her teaching is deficient and her methods, cruel, so Harry prepares a group of students to defend the school against a rising tide of evil.
81,A beauty salon in Beirut is a safe haven for five women in this Lebanese romantic comedy. Shop owner Layale (Nadine Labaki) consults her employees about a problematic affair, stylist Rima (Joanna Markouzel) does not know how to handle her attraction to a female client, and seamstress Rose abandons her own ambitions to care for her family. With the support of their friends in their familiar salon, the women search for the answers to questions of life, love and happiness.
53,Newly engaged couple Sadie (Mandy Moore) and Ben (John Krasinski) look forward to a traditional wedding in St. Augustine's Church but, unfortunately for the lovebirds, the Rev. Frank (Robin Williams) refuses to bless the union until they pass his arduous marriage-prep course. While the clergyman puts the couple through holy hell, Ben and Sadie learn if they are truly destined to love each other till death do them part.
37,Christy (Nora Zehetner) returns home years after a terrible auto accident, in which she was driving. That misfortunate event caused the disfigurement of her older sister. Now disturbing nightmares plague the young woman, and she finds that her visions reflect true and future events.
85,A parody of Star Wars.
42,Tim Kearney (Paul Walker), a former Marine in prison, is asked to impersonate a recently killed drug lord to get out of his sentence. When a hostage switch with a crime lord goes badly, Tim goes on the run with the drug lord's son.
57,Philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche (Armand Assante) seeks the advice of psychoanalyst Josef Breuer (Ben Cross).
77,A group of ninja from the Sky Country makes a surprise attack on Konoha.
63,East meets West again when the assassination of Ambassador Han leads to the reunion of Lee (Jackie Chan) and Carter (Chris Tucker). In Paris, the pair must stay one step ahead of Chinese gangsters, and Lee's childhood friend (Hiroyuki Sanada), as they track down an envelope containing the identity of a powerful crime lord.
72,During summer vacation, Troy (Zac Efron) gets a job at Sharpay's (Ashley Tisdale) resort but doesn't realize she has an ulterior motive for hiring him.
76,Charged with the most important assignment of his career, federal agent Ron Fleury (Jamie Foxx) has one week to assemble a team, infiltrate and destroy a terrorist cell based in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Culture shock and opposition from local law enforcement combine to hinder his progress and that of his elite team (Chris Cooper, Jennifer Garner, Jason Bateman), but a sympathetic Saudi police captain becomes an unexpected comrade-in-arms.
80,This sweeping English drama, based on the book by Ian McEwan, follows the lives of young lovers Cecilia Tallis (Keira Knightley) and Robbie Turner (James McAvoy). When the couple are torn apart by a lie constructed by Cecilia's jealous younger sister, Briony (Saoirse Ronan), all three of them must deal with the consequences. Robbie is the hardest hit, since Briony's deception results in his imprisonment, but hope for Cecilia and her beau increases when their paths cross during World War II.
64,New York radio host Erica Bain (Jodie Foster) endures a brutal attack that leaves her badly injured and her beloved fiance dead. The tragedy haunts her, and she sets forth on a personal quest for revenge. Her exploits captivate city residents but, as a determined detective (Terrence Howard) closes in on her, Erica wonders if she is now no better than those she hunts.
57,Soon after moving into a suburban tract home, Katie (Katie Featherston) and Micah (Micah Sloat) become increasingly disturbed by what appears to be a supernatural presence. Hoping to capture evidence of it on film, they set up video cameras in the house but are not prepared for the terrifying events that follow.
57,The Man of Steel (Adam Baldwin) battles an intergalactic killer, accidentally unearthed by a corporation.
57,Cursed since childhood, dentist Charlie Kagan (Dane Cook) cannot find the right woman. Even worse, he learns that each of his ex-girlfriends finds true love with the man she meets after her relationship with him ends. Hearing of Charlie's reputation as a good-luck charm, women from all over line up for a quick tryst. But when Charlie meets the woman (Jessica Alba) of his dreams, he must find a way to break the curse or risk losing her to the next man she meets.
18,A professor (F. Murray Abraham) and his students encounter a deadly creature in Africa.
14,With help from her uncle, a woman (Helena Mattsson) who is a half-human, half-alien clone searches for the scientist who created her.
37,After a short fling with a beautiful woman named Lila (Malin Akerman) and at the urging of his friends and family, Eddie (Ben Stiller) proposes marriage. But Eddie didn't realize that Lila is a shrew, and she reveals her true nature during their honeymoon. He then meets Miranda (Michelle Monaghan) and is convinced she is his soul mate. Eddie sets out to woo Miranda and extricate himself from his wife's claws.
61,In 1988, New York's police wage an all-out war on drugs, and guilty and innocent alike become casualties. Bobby Green (Joaquin Phoenix), manager of a nightclub that is often frequented by gangsters, tries to remain neutral but hides a potentially fatal secret: His brother (Mark Wahlberg) and father (Robert Duvall) are both cops. After his brother is wounded in an assassination attempt, Bobby can no longer remain neutral. He joins forces with his brother for an all-out assault on the mob.
87,The captain (Wagner Moura) of a special Brazilian police force considers which of two new recruits (André Ramiro, Caio Junqueira) would make a suitable successor.
56,In the far Northern Hemisphere, the small town of Barrow, Alaska, experiences a solid month of darkness every year. Though most of the residents head south for the winter, some townspeople remain behind. However, those that stay regret their decision when, one year, hungry vampires descend on Barrow to feed. Sheriff Eben (Josh Hartnett), his wife (Melissa George) and a dwindling band of survivors must try to last until dawn breaks over Barrow's monthlong twilight.
53,Fresh out of college, Barry the Bee (Jerry Seinfeld) finds the prospect of working with honey uninspiring. He flies outside the hive for the first time and talks to a human (Renée Zellweger), breaking a cardinal rule of his species. Barry learns that humans have been stealing and eating honey for centuries, and he realizes that his true calling is to obtain justice for his kind by suing humanity for theft.
39,A young woman (Gigi Leung) begins a romance via ham radio with someone (Ken Zhu) who exists in another time.
36,Angela (Rachel Nichols) is working late on Christmas Eve. When she finally decides to leave, she goes down to the parking garage to get her car, but it won't start. Thomas (Wes Bentley), the garage's security guard, offers to help. He also invites Angela to dinner, but she refuses. Thomas, crazed, knocks her out. She wakes up in Thomas' office, chained to a chair and in different clothes. Now Angela must fight for her life in order the escape from the garage.
80,Banished by an evil queen, Princess Giselle (Amy Adams) from a fairy-tale world lands in modern Manhattan, where music, magic and "happily ever after" are sorely lacking. She is adrift in this strange new place until a divorce lawyer (Patrick Dempsey) comes to her aid. Giselle begins to fall for her flawed benefactor, but the storybook romance gets complicated when a prince from her world comes to rescue her.
51,Lyra Belacqua (Dakota Blue Richards) lives in a parallel world in which human souls take the form of lifelong animal companions called daemons. Dark forces are at work in the girl's world, and many children have been kidnapped by beings known as Gobblers. Lyra vows to save her best friend, Roger, after he disappears too. She sets out with her daemon, a tribe of seafarers, a witch, an ice bear and a Texas airman on an epic quest to rescue Roger and save her world.
28,Sheryl (Brianna Brown) and Mike (Josh Randall), a young couple, are on a camping trip in West Virginia when an unnamed woman approaches them and advises to take the Timber Falls path due to its scenic beauty. They agree, but when Mike wakes up in the morning Sheryl is nowhere to be found. However, they're soon reunited when he is kidnapped by the same brother and sister who took her hostage. Ida (Beth Broderick) and Clyde (Nick Searcy), religious fanatics, have an unusual demand for the couple.
56,Freshman Erik Stifler (John White) arrives at college with his longtime friend "Cooze" Coozeman (Jake Siegel). Both freshmen pledge the Beta fraternity and begin a series of often disgusting initiation rituals, climaxing with stealing an object from the house of their rivals, the Geek fraternity. The furious Geek president, Edgar Willis (Tyrone Savage), challenges the Betas to the Greek Games -- a competition that's been banned on campus for 40 years.
68,Robert Neville (Will Smith), a brilliant scientist, is a survivor of a man-made plague that transforms humans into bloodthirsty mutants. He wanders alone through New York City, calling out for other possible survivors, and works on finding a cure for the plague using his own immune blood. Neville knows he is badly outnumbered and the odds are against him, and all the while, the infected wait for him to make a mistake that will deliver Neville into their hands.
86,Silver miner Daniel Plainview (Daniel Day-Lewis) leads a hardscrabble life with his son, H.W. (Dillon Freasier). When he hears about oil oozing from the ground near the Western town of Little Boston, Daniel takes his son on a mission to find their fortune. Daniel makes his lucky strike and becomes a self-made tycoon but, as his fortune grows, he deviates into moral bankruptcy.
40,A college student is kidnapped by goons and forced to translate a German manuscript containing clues to finding a mysterious briefcase.
12,Years after the famous beast killed his father, James, a cryptozoologist, tracks the creature to Lake Superior and makes plans to kill it.
57,Perennial bridesmaid Jane (Katherine Heigl) always puts the needs of others before her own, making her the go-to gal whenever someone needs help with wedding plans. So when Jane's younger sister Tess (Malin Akerman) snags the man (Edward Burns) Jane secretly loves, Jane finds herself questioning her role as a wedding junkie for the first time in her life. Meanwhile, a handsome reporter (James Marsden) sees Jane's unusual story as his ticket off the bridal beat.
57,Petty thieves Durell (Ice Cube) and LeeJohn (Tracy Morgan) face a big problem: The two must come up with $17,000 in one week, or Durell will no longer be able to see his son. The goofy scoundrels embark on a haphazard plan to rob the neighborhood church, but they find the mission trickier than expected. When they arrive, they discover that somebody equally disreputable has already had his hand in the coffers. Now, they must trace the money to a group of parishioners.
68,As a group of New Yorkers (Michael Stahl-David, Mike Vogel, Odette Yustman) enjoy a going-away party, little do they know that they will soon face the most terrifying night of their lives. A creature the size of a skyscraper descends upon the city, leaving death and destruction in its wake. Using a handheld video camera, the friends record their struggle to survive as New York crumbles around them.
77,A car dealer (Sharan) uses a trained pig to run into cars, then finds a body inside one such vehicle.
90,When Oskar (Kåre Hedebrant), a sensitive, bullied 12-year-old boy living with his mother in suburban Sweden, meets his new neighbor, the mysterious and moody Eli (Lina Leandersson), they strike up a friendship. Initially reserved with each other, Oskar and Eli slowly form a close bond, but it soon becomes apparent that she is no ordinary young girl. Eventually, Eli shares her dark, macabre secret with Oskar, revealing her connection to a string of bloody local murders.
52,Single father Ti (Stephen Chow) works tirelessly to earn enough money to keep his son, Dicky (Xu Jiao), enrolled in a private school, hoping the education will lead to better career options. Dicky studies diligently, but his threadbare clothing prompts the derision of his affluent classmates, making him feel like an outcast. Unable to purchase an expensive toy Dicky wants, Ti finds a glowing ball in a junkyard and gives it to him. Soon, the orb turns into Dicky's new best friend -- an alien.
44,Aimless David Rice (Hayden Christensen) has the ability to instantly transport himself to any place he can imagine. He uses that gift to globe-trot, living on money he steals by "jumping" into bank vaults. He's captured by the evil Roland Cox (Samuel L. Jackson), who knows how to keep David from jumping. David escapes and reunites with his high school crush, Millie (Rachel Bilson), then forms an alliance with fellow jumper Griffin (Jamie Bell) and prepares for mortal combat with Cox.
85,Bryan Mills (Liam Neeson), a former government operative, is trying to reconnect with his daughter, Kim (Maggie Grace). Then his worst fears become real when sex slavers abduct Kim and her friend shortly after they arrive in Paris for vacation. With just four days until Kim will be auctioned off, Bryan must call on every skill he learned in black ops to rescue her.
59,A recently released convict and his criminally inclined best friend execute a daring daytime bank robbery.
34,Jake (Sean Faris) moves to Orlando, Fla., with his mother (Leslie Hope) and brother (Wyatt Smith). He feels like an outsider in his new school and frequently lets his temper flare out of control. But Jake wants to fit in, and he decides to go to a party with his classmate Baja (Amber Heard). There, Jake is pushed into a fight and humiliated. Another classmate (Evan Peters) sees what happened, and encourages Jake to visit martial arts trainer Jean Roqua (Djimon Hounsou).
50,Police chief and hyper-protective father James (Martin Lawrence) drives his teenage daughter, Melanie (Raven-Symoné), from their home in Chicago to a college interview in Washington, D.C. En route, they meet disturbingly cheerful parent Doug (Donny Osmond), their car breaks down and he finds his son and pet pig stowed away in the trunk. What's worse, James gets caught spying on his daughter at a sorority house. Despite the chaos, James begins to realize that his baby girl has grown up.
79,An old enemy helps the crew of SG-1 search for an ancient device that can end the war.
44,When the first outbreak of the Reaper virus hit Scotland, Eden Sinclair was one of the last to escape containment and had to leave her mother behind. Twenty-five years later, Maj. Eden Sinclair (Rhona Mitra) leads a team back into the hot zone to find a counteragent to the virus, which has re-emerged in London. She and her comrades wage a desperate battle for survival against feral survivors, as they try to prevent it from ushering in a new dark age.
17,Following the death of a friend, a college senior (Matt Wheeler) gathers his other pals together for a final fling in Las Vegas.
30,Amy (Jena Malone), Stacy (Laura Ramsey), Jeff (Jonathan Tucker) and Eric (Shawn Ashmore) look for fun during a sunny holiday in Mexico, but they get much more than that after visiting an archaeological dig in the jungle. Carnivorous vines try to ensnare the friends in their tendrils, forcing the group to fight for survival.
65,Martial artist Mike Terry (Chiwetel Ejiofor) lives by a strict code of no competitions, for he feels that such contests weaken fighters. After saving a famous action star (Tim Allen) from a brutal attack, Mike takes a job in the film industry. He soon finds his personal beliefs and integrity on the line as circumstances force him to participate in a prize fight.
58,Tom Ludlow (Keanu Reeves), a veteran member of the LAPD, is still mourning the loss of his wife and trying to navigate through a world that does not make much sense anymore. When evidence implicates him in the death of a fellow officer, Ludlow begins to question the loyalties of everyone around him.
44,When a spacecraft crashes in Norway during the Iron Age, two figures emerge from the wreckage: Kainan (James Caviezel), an alien soldier, and the Moorwen, his mortal enemy. The latter immediately starts cutting a path of destruction through the Norse lands, while Kainan sees a chance to meld his advanced technology with ancient Viking weaponry to destroy the Moorwen before it destroys Earth.
91,A billionaire industrialist and genius inventor, Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.), is conducting weapons tests overseas, but terrorists kidnap him to force him to build a devastating weapon. Instead, he builds an armored suit and upends his captors. Returning to America, Stark refines the suit and uses it to combat crime and terrorism.
77,Four years after the earlier adventures of Carrie Bradshaw (Sarah Jessica Parker) and her best gal pals, she and her intermittent lover, Big (Chris Noth), are in a committed relationship. Samantha (Kim Cattrall), having survived cancer, has a monogamous relationship with Smith Jerrod. Charlotte (Kristin Davis) and her husband live on Park Avenue, and Miranda (Cynthia Nixon), now in Brooklyn, feels the pressure of family life.
53,It's the height of the Cold War, and famous archaeologist Indiana Jones (Harrison Ford), returning from his latest adventure, finds out his job at Marshall College is in jeopardy. He meets Mutt (Shia La Beouf), a young man who wants Indy to help him find the legendary Crystal Skull of Akator, and the pair set out for Peru. However, deadly agent Irina Spalko (Cate Blanchett) is searching for the powerful artifact, too, because the Soviets believe it can help them conquer the world.
48,Kristen (Liv Tyler) and James (Scott Speedman) are expecting a relaxing weekend at a family vacation home, but their stay turns out to be anything but peaceful. First, a mysterious and dangerous woman arrives at the door while James is out on an errand. When he returns, he accidentally kills his friend Mike (Glenn Howerton), mistaking him for an intruder. And then real danger does show up -- in the form of three masked torturers, leaving Kristen and James struggling for survival.
83,Po the panda (Jack Black) works in his family's noodle shop and dreams of becoming a kung-fu master. His dream becomes a reality when, unexpectedly, he must fulfill an ancient prophecy and study the skills with his idols, the Furious Five. Po needs all the wisdom, strength and ability he can muster to protect his people from an evil snow leopard.
70,Scientist Bruce Banner (Edward Norton) desperately seeks a cure for the gamma radiation that contaminated his cells and turned him into The Hulk. Cut off from his true love Betty Ross (Liv Tyler) and forced to hide from his nemesis, Gen. Thunderbolt Ross (William Hurt), Banner soon comes face-to-face with a new threat: a supremely powerful enemy known as The Abomination (Tim Roth).
71,After serving six years for killing his schoolmate, a young man (Noel Clarke) learns that someone is out for revenge.
66,A planet-sized alien takes control of Fry (Billy West) and jeopardizes humans on Earth.
59,A scruffy superhero named Hancock (Will Smith) protects the citizens of Los Angeles but leaves horrendous collateral damage in the wake of every well-intentioned feat. That's OK with Hancock; he doesn't care what people think and is just as likely to be found dozing on a park bench as saving a damsel in distress. However, after saving the life of a PR executive (Jason Bateman) and meeting the man's beautiful wife (Charlize Theron), he realizes that he may have a sensitive side after all.
35,Dave Ming Chang (Eddie Murphy) is the ultimate fish out of water. Even though he's just arrived in New York, that doesn't explain his odd behavior or disjointed locomotion. The outside Dave is actually a spaceship, controlled by a crew of tiny aliens, and modeled after their captain. As the crew contends with a slew of physical challenges, such as eating, drinking and excreting, they begin to experience profound emotional changes as well.
69,A geologist (James Mason) and his assistant (Pat Boone) set off on an expedition to the center of the earth. Following directions found in an inscription hidden in volcanic rock, the explorers travel to a volcano in Iceland to begin their journey. Along the way, a widow of a famous scientist (Arlene Dahl) and an Icelander (Peter Ronson) join their party. However, the treacherous terrain and prehistoric monsters are not their only concern when a rival scientist (Thayer David) is on their trail.
94,With the help of allies Lt. Jim Gordon (Gary Oldman) and DA Harvey Dent (Aaron Eckhart), Batman (Christian Bale) has been able to keep a tight lid on crime in Gotham City. But when a vile young criminal calling himself the Joker (Heath Ledger) suddenly throws the town into chaos, the caped Crusader begins to tread a fine line between heroism and vigilantism.
83,During a forbidden excursion to see the surface world, a goldfish princess encounters a human boy named Sosuke, who gives her the name Ponyo. Ponyo longs to become human, and as her friendship with Sosuke grows, she becomes more humanlike. Ponyo's father brings her back to their ocean kingdom, but so strong is Ponyo's wish to live on the surface that she breaks free, and in the process, spills a collection of magical elixirs that endanger Sosuke's village.
79,The crew (Ben Browder, Michael Shanks, Amanda Tapping) of SG-1 battles an adversary (Cliff Simon) who alters the history of the Stargate.
83,Naruto protects a priestess and learns he may die through a vision of the future.
73,Stoner Dale Denton's (Seth Rogen) enjoyment of a rare strain of marijuana may prove fatal when he drops his roach in a panic after witnessing a murder. Upon learning that the fancy weed can be traced back to them, Dale and his dealer (James Franco) go on the lam, with a dangerous drug lord (Gary Cole) and crooked cop (Rosie Perez) hot on their heels.
70,Tugg Speedman (Ben Stiller), pampered action superstar, sets out for Southeast Asia to take part in the biggest, most-expensive war movie produced, but soon after filming begins, he and his co-stars, Oscar-winner Kirk Lazarus (Robert Downey Jr.), comic Jeff Portnoy (Jack Black) and the rest of the crew, must become real soldiers when fighting breaks out in that part of the jungle.
80,A young boy (Jean-Pierre Cargol) is discovered in a forest, living a feral existence among a pack of wolves. Captured by hunters, he is sent to Paris and placed in a school for deaf-mute children. There he is observed by Dr. Itard (François Truffaut) who concludes that the boy is neither deaf nor intellectually stunted, but has simply been deprived of normal, humanizing influences. With no shortage of tenderness, patience and ambition, Itard devotes himself to educating and civilizing the boy.
60,Framed for a murder he did not commit, three-time speedway champ Jensen Ames (Jason Statham) finds himself at Terminal Island, the country's toughest prison, but he gets an unexpected chance at freedom when the warden offers a choice: Compete in the Death Race as a mythical driver called Frankenstein, or rot in a cell forever. Riding in a car equipped with flamethrowers and grenade launchers, Ames must survive a gauntlet of vicious criminals to win his freedom -- or die trying.
21,During a fateful night, a group of impossibly attractive 20-somethings (Matt Lanter, Vanessa Minnillo, Kim Kardashian) must dodge a series of man-made and natural disasters. Twisters, asteroids, earthquakes and singer Amy Winehouse are just some of the perils they face while trying to make their way to safety.
76,In this animated movie, Barbie (Kelly Sheridan) wants to teach her little sister, Stacie (Chantal Strand), the true value of friendship. So she and her best friend, Teresa (Cassidy Ladden), weave a music-infused fairy tale about Liana and Alexa, two peasant girls who have little else but each other and their love of song. When a magic mirror reveals an evil plan to destroy the Diamond Castle and end all music worldwide, Liana and Alexa bravely set out to save the day.
73,Newly born fairy Tinker Bell (Mae Whitman) is transported by the wind to Pixie Hollow on the island of Neverland and learns that, as a tinker, her job is to repair broken items. When Tinker meets some new friends -- water fairy Silvermist (Lucy Liu), garden fairy Rosetta (Kristin Chenoweth) and animal fairy Fawn (America Ferrera) -- she realizes that she will not travel to the mainland to help bring about spring. Sad and upset, Tinker struggles with who she is and who she wants to be.
74,A young man (Drew Seeley) longs to reunite with a beautiful dancer (Selena Gomez) that he met at a masked ball.
62,Jerry Shaw (Shia LaBeouf) and Rachel Holloman (Michelle Monaghan) are two strangers whose lives are suddenly thrown into turmoil by a mysterious woman they have never met. Threatening their lives and family, the unseen caller uses everyday technology to control their actions and push them into increasing danger. As events escalate, Jerry and Rachel become the country's most-wanted fugitives and must figure out what is happening to them.
16,A psychopathic killer is ravaging Memphis, Tenn., by murdering young women, and Detective Jacob Stillwell (Steven Seagal) is on the case. Known as the resident tough cop due to his aggressive tactics, he gets knocked sideways when his girlfriend becomes one of the murder victims. With his partner, Storm Anderson (Chris Thomas King), in tow, Jacob casts the rules aside and infiltrates the seedy criminal underworld of the city looking to avenge his lover's death and put an end to the killings.
84,Staff Sgt. William James (Jeremy Renner), Sgt. J.T. Sanborn (Anthony Mackie) and Specialist Owen Eldridge (Brian Geraghty) are members of a bomb-disposal unit in Baghdad. As their tour of duty enters its final weeks, the men face a set of increasingly hazardous situations, any of which could end their lives in an explosive instant.
58,Loveable teen Ian (Josh Zuckerman) has always been the best friend, not the boyfriend, and he thinks he's the last American virgin. Then online he meets Danielle, who is pretty, sweet, and really seems to like him. The trouble is Ian and Danielle live in different parts of the country. When she makes him an offer he can't refuse, Ian steals his brother's '69 GTO and sets out to meet her in person and lose his virginity.
82,Jacques Mesrine becomes France's most-wanted criminal.
52,As the apparently last disciple and heir apparent of Jigsaw, Hoffman (Costas Mandylor) goes on the hunt to protect his secret. Using a series of increasingly bizarre and grisly traps, Hoffman eliminates his enemies one by one to protect the Jigsaw legacy.
42,In this animated film, miners laboring at an outpost in deep space unearth a bizarre alien artifact. After Capt. Matthius (Jim Cummings) -- of the orbiting USG Ishimura -- dispatches a team to bring the artifact on board for scientific study, a series of horrifying and unexplainable deaths befall members of his crew. In an atmosphere of growing paranoia, security head Alissa Vincent (Nika Futterman) struggles to determine the cause of the mysterious rash of violence spreading through the ship.
58,Following the death of Vesper Lynd, James Bond (Daniel Craig) makes his next mission personal. The hunt for those who blackmailed his lover leads him to ruthless businessman Dominic Greene (Mathieu Amalric), a key player in the organization which coerced Vesper. Bond learns that Greene is plotting to gain total control of a vital natural resource, and he must navigate a minefield of danger and treachery to foil the plan.
74,After salesmen Danny (Paul Rudd) and Wheeler (Seann William Scott) trash a company truck, the court gives them a choice: jail time or community service in a mentoring program. Thinking to take the easy way out, the two overgrown adolescents find themselves paired with a teenager (Christopher Mintz-Plasse), who is experiencing the pangs of first love, and a foul-mouthed fifth-grader (Bobb'e J. Thompson), who needs an attitude adjustment.
90,As 18-year-old Jamal Malik (Dev Patel) answers questions on the Indian version of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire," flashbacks show how he got there. Part of a stable of young thieves after their mother dies, Jamal and his brother, Salim, survive on the streets of Mumbai. Salim finds the life of crime agreeable, but Jamal scrapes by with small jobs until landing a spot on the game show.
65,With the globe on the brink of World War II, Lady Sarah Ashley (Nicole Kidman) travels from Britain to Australia to inspect a cattle ranch she inherited. Reluctantly joining forces with a rugged local known as the Drover (Hugh Jackman), she sets out on a cattle drive across hundreds of miles of harsh terrain to save her ranch. But when they finally reach the town of Darwin, they must contend with the same Japanese bombers that just rained death upon Pearl Harbor.
73,High-school student Bella Swan (Kristen Stewart), always a bit of a misfit, doesn't expect life to change much when she moves from sunny Arizona to rainy Washington state. Then she meets Edward Cullen (Robert Pattinson), a handsome but mysterious teen whose eyes seem to peer directly into her soul. Edward is a vampire whose family does not drink blood, and Bella, far from being frightened, enters into a dangerous romance with her immortal soulmate.
74,The days of canine superstar Bolt (John Travolta) are filled with danger and intrigue ... until the cameras stop rolling. But Bolt doesn't know that he's on a TV show; he thinks his amazing powers are real. When Bolt is accidentally shipped from his Hollywood soundstage to the mean streets of New York, he begins his most-amazing adventure: Armed only with his delusions and accompanied by a cat and a hamster, he sets out to to find his owner, Penny (Miley Cyrus).
48,Mob courier Frank Martin's (Jason Statham) latest assignment pairs him with Valentina (Natalya Rudakova), the cynical daughter of a Ukrainian official. While her father ponders what to do with three boatloads of toxic waste, Frank must guard the problematic woman and prevent her from wandering too far from his vehicle, or risk triggering the explosive shackles they both wear.
66,Carl Allen (Jim Carrey) is stuck in a rut with his negative ways. Then he goes to a self-help seminar and learns to unleash the power of yes. Living in the affirmative leads him to all sorts of amazing and transforming experiences; he gets a job promotion, and even finds a new romance. But Carl finds that too much of anything, even positive thinking, is not necessarily a good thing.
75,A life-shattering secret torments Ben Thomas (Will Smith). In order to find redemption, he sets out to change the lives of seven strangers. Over the course of his journey, he meets and falls in love with a cardiac patient named Emily (Rosario Dawson), and in so doing, complicates his mission.
55,Hotel handyman Skeeter Bronson (Adam Sandler) gets an unexpected surprise when he discovers that the tall tales he has been telling his niece and nephew are somehow coming true. Hoping to make the most of the mysterious phenomenon, Skeeter spins one outlandish yarn after another, but the children's unexpected contributions to the stories turn Skeeter's life upside down.
49,A college freshman (Lucy Hale) makes enemies when she refuses to pledge her mother's (Courtney Thorne-Smith) sorority.
51,Since the time they were little girls, best friends Liv (Kate Hudson) and Emma (Anne Hathaway) have been planning every aspect of their future weddings, including choosing the same destination: New York's famed Plaza Hotel. But when a clerical error causes a clash in wedding dates, Liv and Kate discover their inner demons -- with their lifelong friendship as a possible casualty.
43,A single suburban father (Kevin James) works at a mall as a security guard to make ends meet, and he takes his job very seriously, even though most of his colleagues and customers don't. As the holidays approach, Paul gets his moment to shine when Santa's little helpers shut down the mall down and take hostages, including his daughter and girlfriend. He realizes no one knows the place better than he does, and he mounts his trusty steed, a Segway, and goes to the rescue.
16,Katie has to decide to give up or give it up.
66,Seven years after his triumph in Cuba, Che (Benicio Del Toro) winds up in Bolivia, where he tries to ignite the same revolutionary fires as before. But, with the Bolivian army bolstered by CIA support, Che faces one defeat after another, finally meeting his end in the village of La Higuera.
18,Malevolent spirits visit a remote house to torment a woman (Marguerite Moreau) who has a history of agoraphobia.
73,While exploring her new home, a girl named Coraline (Dakota Fanning) discovers a secret door, behind which lies an alternate world that closely mirrors her own but, in many ways, is better. She rejoices in her discovery, until Other Mother (Teri Hatcher) and the rest of her parallel family try to keep her there forever. Coraline must use all her resources and bravery to make it back to her own family and life.
71,An ex-con fulfills a promise to a dead friend by taking the underground fighting world in Los Angeles by storm.
96,After a high-speed car chase, Madea (Tyler Perry) winds up behind bars because her quick temper gets the best of her. Meanwhile, Assistant District Attorney Josh Hardaway (Derek Luke) lands a case that's too personal to handle: that of a young prostitute and former drug addict named Candace (Keshia Knight Pulliam). When Candace winds up in jail, Madea takes the young woman under her protective wing.
38,A team of Grim Reapers begins to break the rules while adjusting to a new boss.
56,A Twillerbee named Thumbelina has to save her home from being razed for a factory.
20,Dr. Amanda Hayes (Crystal Allen) fights with henchmen sent by a dying billionaire while avoiding a gigantic anaconda that regenerates.
78,A powerful woman (Keri Russell) fights fellow Amazons to return a man (Nathan Fillion) back to civilization.
71,In an alternate 1985 America, costumed superheroes are part of everyday life. When one of his former comrades is murdered, masked vigilante Rorschach (Jackie Earle Haley) uncovers a plot to kill and discredit all past and present superheroes. As he reconnects with his retired associates, only one of which has true powers, Rorschach glimpses a far-reaching conspiracy involving their shared past and catastrophic consequences for the world's future.
68,When disc jockey Grant Mazzy (Stephen McHattie) reports to his basement radio station in the Canadian town of Pontypool, he thinks it's just another day at work. But when he hears reports of a virus that turns people into zombies, Mazzy barricades himself in the radio booth and tries to figure out a way to warn his listeners about the virus and its unlikely mode of transmission: the English language.
67,Mike O'Donnell (Matthew Perry) was a high-school basketball star with a bright future, but he threw it all away to marry his girlfriend and raise their child. Almost 20 years later, Mike's marriage has failed, his kids think he's a loser, and his job is going nowhere. He gets a chance to correct the mistakes of his past and change his life when he is miraculously transformed into a teenager (Zac Efron), but in trying to fix his past, Mike may be jeopardizing his present and future.
42,Fifty years after it was buried in a time capsule, a schoolgirl's cryptic document falls into the hands of Caleb Koestler, the son of professor John Koestler (Nicolas Cage). John figures out that the encoded message accurately lists every major disaster from the past five decades, and predicts three future calamities -- one a global cataclysm. When his warnings fall on deaf ears, John enlists the help of the prophetic author's daughter and granddaughter to try to avert the ultimate disaster.
67,A Chinese worker in Japan becomes the leader of an illegal immigrant gang.
67,Like many teenagers, Miley Stewart (Miley Cyrus) juggles family, friends and school, but unlike her peers, she has a secret pop-star persona called Hannah Montana. When Hannah's soaring popularity threatens to take over Miley's life, her dad (Billy Ray Cyrus) steps in to give the teen a reality check. Back home in the Tennessee town of Crowley Corners, Miley embarks on an exciting adventure even Hannah Montana could not imagine.
49,After surviving an incredible plunge to near-certain death, Chev Chelios (Jason Statham) is abducted by Chinese mobsters. Waking up three months later, Chev finds that his nearly indestructible heart has been replaced with a battery-operated device that requires regular jolts of electricity or it will fail. Chev escapes from his captors, reunites with his lover, Eve (Amy Smart), and sets out on a frantic chase through Los Angeles to get his real heart back.
37,British twin sisters (Milly Rosso, Becky Rosso) experience culture shock when they attend school in California.
40,Celebrity photographer Connor Mead (Matthew McConaughey) lives life in the fast lane, committed to bachelorhood and simultaneous relationships with multiple women. On the eve of his brother's wedding, Connor receives a visit from the spirits of his jilted lovers, who take him on an odyssey through his many failed relationships to try to find out what made him such a cad -- and if there is any hope of Connor finding true love.
38,Tyler "The Fuse" Draven, a former football star in prison, learns he has the ability to create fire using his mind, and uses his newfound powers to get revenge on everyone who has wronged him.
91,Aboard the USS Enterprise, the most-sophisticated starship ever built, a novice crew embarks on its maiden voyage. Their path takes them on a collision course with Nero (Eric Bana), a Romulan commander whose mission of vengeance threatens all mankind. If humanity would survive, a rebellious young officer named James T. Kirk (Chris Pine) and a coolly logical Vulcan named Spock (Zachary Quinto) must move beyond their rivalry and find a way to defeat Nero before it is too late.
56,Jack Harris (Luke Wilson) is a legitimate Texas businessman who wanders off the straight-and-narrow path when he meets Wayne Beering (Giovanni Ribisi) and Buck Dolby (Gabriel Macht), a slimy pair of Internet porn profiteers. Jack's association with the men leads to his involvement with a host of other lowlifes, and though he tries to convince himself that he is staying clean in a dirty business, his disintegrating family situation proves otherwise.
54,Although Judgment Day has in fact occurred, the future for which John Connor (Christian Bale) was prepared has been partly altered by the appearance of a stranger named Marcus Wright (Sam Worthington). Connor must determine if Wright has been rescued from the past, or sent from the future. As the machines prepare for a final battle, Connor and Wright delve deep into Skynet's heart, uncovering a secret that could lead to the annihilation of mankind.
82,A man (Wentworth Miller) hatches a plan to rescue his pregnant girlfriend (Sarah Wayne Callies) from a women's prison.
90,Carl Fredricksen (Ed Asner), a 78-year-old balloon salesman, is about to fulfill a lifelong dream. Tying thousands of balloons to his house, he flies away to the South American wilderness. But curmudgeonly Carl's worst nightmare comes true when he discovers a little boy named Russell is a stowaway aboard the balloon-powered house.
26,Terry (Nick Moran) is an undercover agent on an assignment, getting closer and closer to bringing down crime boss Simon Bacig (Stephen Lang). When Bacig invites Terry and his wife to a swank party, Terry panics because he made the wife up. His commanding officer (Michael Kopsa) appoints sexy Susan (Jennifer Esposito), a rookie cop with no undercover experience, to the role. Susan throws herself into it, starting an affair with Bacig to further the case. But this only complicates matters.
84,Two days before his wedding, Doug (Justin Bartha) and three friends (Bradley Cooper, Ed Helms, Zach Galifianakis) drive to Las Vegas for a wild and memorable stag party. In fact, when the three groomsmen wake up the next morning, they can't remember a thing; nor can they find Doug. With little time to spare, the three hazy pals try to re-trace their steps and find Doug so they can get him back to Los Angeles in time to walk down the aisle.
44,Georgia (Nia Vardalos), a travel guide, feels that her life as no direction. Her kefi, or mojo, is gone. But, as she leads a ragtag group of tourists through her native Greece, she begins to see the world in a new light. Georgia opens the group's eyes to the beauty of an exotic land, and, in the process, rediscovers her kefi.
38,Mobsters chase a New York cabby (Judge Reinhold) on the run with a mob widow (Carol Kane) and her 4-year-old daughter.
28,Three high-school buddies (Bug Hall, Kevin M. Horton) use a legendary sex manual to lose their virginity.
57,Two years after he and his Autobot friends saved the Earth from the Decepticons, Sam Witwicky (Shia LaBeouf) faces a new battle: college. Meanwhile, Optimus Prime and the Autobots are working with a secret military organization and trying to make a home for themselves on Earth. When an ancient Decepticon known as The Fallen rises up to wreak vengeance, Sam and his girlfriend, Mikaela, must figure out the history of the Transformers on Earth and find a way to defeat The Fallen once and for all.
45,Ma Barker (Theresa Russell) and her sons rob banks, shoot people and wind up at the top of the FBI's "most wanted" list in the 1930s.
22,A teenage martial-arts student (Zhang Yishan) tries to find superstar Jackie Chan in Beijing.
58,Maud Bailey (Gwyneth Paltrow), a brilliant English academic, is researching the life and work of poet Christabel La Motte. Roland Michell (Aaron Eckhart) is an American scholar in London to study Randolph Henry Ash (Jeremy Northam), now best-known for a collection of poems dedicated to his wife. When Maud and Roland discover a cache of love letters that appear to be from Ash to La Motte, they follow a trail of clues across England, echoing the journey of the couple over a century earlier.
17,Sinister events plague a farmer (Norman Reedus) and his family (Heather Stephens, Claire Holt) when he places a scarecrow in his field.
70,The Green Lantern (Christopher Meloni) must race against time to stop Sinestro (Victor Garber) from unleashing a sinister plot.
48,Recently learning that he has a fatal disease, comic George Simmons (Adam Sandler) spots a struggling performer named Ira (Seth Rogen) and decides to become his mentor. The men become close friends as George teaches Ira the art of stand-up comedy, and Ira helps George define his legacy. When an old flame (Leslie Mann) reappears and the disease goes into remission, George gets a chance to re-evaluate his life and figure out what is truly important to him.
23,Even though he has a new girlfriend, Andy (Preston Jones) can't stop thinking about his old high school love, Jenna (Julia Levy-Boeken), who dumped him and went on to become a high-profile beer pong model. When he learns Jenna is on tour with a beer pong tournament, he and his friend, Arash (Danny Pudi), decide to go on on a road trip and follow them. After a series of misunderstandings and several encounters with the law, Andy and Arash catch up with Jenna and the tournament.
39,In her many years as a social worker, Emily Jenkins (Renée Zellweger) thinks she has seen it all -- until she meets 10-year-old Lilith (Jodelle Ferland) and the girl's cruel parents. When the parents try to harm the child, Emily assumes custody of Lilith while looking for a foster family. However, she soon finds that dark forces surround the seemingly innocent child, and the more she tries to protect Lilith, the more horrors she encounters.
23,Two losers discover a stash of pot with aphrodisiac powers.
88,It is the first year of Germany's occupation of France. Allied officer Lt. Aldo Raine (Brad Pitt) assembles a team of Jewish soldiers to commit violent acts of retribution against the Nazis, including the taking of their scalps. He and his men join forces with Bridget von Hammersmark, a German actress and undercover agent, to bring down the leaders of the Third Reich. Their fates converge with theater owner Shosanna Dreyfus, who seeks to avenge the Nazis' execution of her family.
35,While enjoying a day at the track, Nick O'Bannon (Bobby Campo) has a horrific premonition of his friends and him all dying in a freak accident involving many racecars. Mere seconds before the vision comes true, he manages to convince them to leave. Although they cheat death then, the survivors each begin to meet a grisly end, and Nick tries to figure a way to escape a similar fate.
63,After failing to kill stubborn survivor Laurie (Jamie Lee Curtis) and taking a bullet or six from former psychiatrist Dr. Sam Loomis (Donald Pleasence), Michael Myers (Dick Warlock) has followed Laurie to the Haddonfield Memorial Hospital, where she's been admitted for Myers' attempt on her life. The institution proves to be particularly suited to serial killers, however, as Myers cuts, stabs and slashes his way through hospital staff to reach his favorite victim.
55,Wild teenage girls (Mimi Kinkade, Linnea Quigley) hold a Halloween seance in an old funeral parlor to scare their friends.
14,An aspiring young comic looking for his big break on the radio attempts to solve a series of on-air murders.
57,Oscar Wilde's English dandy (Helmut Berger) sells his soul for eternal youth, but his portrait reveals his age and depravity.
8,Eric, a gifted golfer in college, finds his world turned upside down when he loses a bet to a sadistic plastic surgeon. His bad-boy lifestyle comes to a crashing halt, and he has to fight to rebuild his life to become the man he should have been.
69,Young men and women audition for coveted spots at the New York High School of Performing Arts. Those who make the cut discover that it takes a lot of hard work to become a star and sometimes difficult decisions have to be made. The youngsters grapple with heavy issues such as homosexuality, abortion, attempted suicide and illiteracy. On top of their unique struggles, the students must deal with the mundane pressures of adolescence like homework, heartbreak and rejection.
96,Killer Bean confronts a group of gangsters.
54,Trained in methods of killing from an early age, Raizo (Rain) is a member of the secret clan of assassins known as the Ozunu. After the Ozunu kill his friend, however, Raizo breaks free from them and vanishes. Meanwhile, Europol agent Mika Coretti (Naomie Harris) discovers a money trail linking the the group to murders. Raizo saves Mika from his former comrades and joins forces with her to bring down the Ozunu forever.
86,After a virus turns most people into zombies, the world's surviving humans remain locked in an ongoing battle against the hungry undead. Four survivors -- Tallahassee (Woody Harrelson) and his cohorts Columbus (Jesse Eisenberg), Wichita (Emma Stone) and Little Rock (Abigail Breslin) -- abide by a list of survival rules and zombie-killing strategies as they make their way toward a rumored safe haven in Los Angeles.
47,Earth's billions of inhabitants are unaware that the planet has an expiration date. With the warnings of an American scientist (Chiwetel Ejiofor), world leaders begin secret preparations for the survival of select members of society. When the global cataclysm finally occurs, failed writer Jackson Curtis (John Cusack) tries to lead his family to safety as the world starts falling apart.
75,Clyde Shelton (Gerard Butler) is an honorable family man, until the day his wife and daughter are murdered in a home invasion. He hopes for justice, but a rising prosecutor named Nick Rice (Jamie Foxx) cuts a deal with one of the killers in exchange for testimony. Ten years later, that man is found dead and Shelton coolly admits his guilt. Then he hands Rice an ultimatum: Fix the broken legal system or suffer the consequences.
80,Despite her sheltered upbringing, Jenny (Carey Mulligan) is a teen with a bright future; she's smart, pretty, and has aspirations of attending Oxford University. When David (Peter Sarsgaard), a charming but much older suitor, motors into her life in a shiny automobile, Jenny gets a taste of adult life that she won't soon forget.
88,When an inmate leads a rebellion, a young guard tries to survive by impersonating a prisoner.
33,Following a terrible car crash, a woman (Christina Ricci) awakes to find an enigmatic mortician (Liam Neeson) preparing her for burial.
75,A retired soldier and widower (Michael Caine) doles out his own brand of justice after young hoodlums murder his best friend.
61,After the abrupt departure of Edward (Robert Pattinson), her vampire love, Bella (Kristen Stewart) finds comfort in her deepening friendship with Jacob Black (Taylor Lautner). However Bella's loyalties are put to the test as she becomes drawn into the world of werewolves, ancient enemies of vampires.
85,Michael Oher (Quinton Aaron), a homeless black teen, has drifted in and out of the school system for years. Then Leigh Anne Tuohy (Sandra Bullock) and her husband, Sean (Tim McGraw), take him in. The Tuohys eventually become Michael's legal guardians, transforming both his life and theirs. Michael's tremendous size and protective instincts make him a formidable force on the gridiron, and with help from his new family and devoted tutor, he realizes his potential as a student and football player.
47,Ben (Ryan Kelley) and a mysterious girl (Alyssa Diaz) from his past must prevent an alien threat from destroying the world.
31,Following his return from Iraq, Ty Hackett (Columbus Short) takes a job at the same armored-car company where his father worked. At the end of his probation period, his mentor and godfather, Mike Cochrane (Matt Dillon), reveals to Ty his plan to rob one of the company's trucks. Faced with the loss of his house and his younger brother to foster care, Ty reluctantly agrees to the plan, but when the heist goes badly, it's every man for himself.
82,On the lush alien world of Pandora live the Na'vi, beings who appear primitive but are highly evolved. Because the planet's environment is poisonous, human/Na'vi hybrids, called Avatars, must link to human minds to allow for free movement on Pandora. Jake Sully (Sam Worthington), a paralyzed former Marine, becomes mobile again through one such Avatar and falls in love with a Na'vi woman (Zoe Saldana). As a bond with her grows, he is drawn into a battle for the survival of her world.
76,With too many years of hazy days and boozy nights,former country-music legend Bad Blake (Jeff Bridges) is reduced to playing dives and bowling alleys. In town for his latest gig, Blake meets Jean Craddock (Maggie Gyllenhaal), a sympathetic reporter who has come to do a story on him. He unexpectedly warms to her and a romance begins, then the singer finds himself at a crossroads that may threaten his last shot at happiness.
93,In college, Farhan and Raju form a great bond with Rancho due to his positive and refreshing outlook to life. Years later, a bet gives them a chance to look for their long-lost friend whose existence seems rather elusive.
79,A cunning mouse goes for a walk through the forest and has to outwit a succession of predators.
34,A Marine sniper (Ted DiBiase) must save his wife (Lara Cox) and other hostages when rebels seize a luxury resort.
57,A man (Roscoe "Fatty" Arbuckle) finds that marriage advice and lady friends do not mix.
34,Twelve-year-old Pamela (Nicole Muñoz), vacationing with her family, is startled to learn that years earlier, the tooth fairy slaughtered children for their teeth -- and now she has returned.
76,Merliah discovers that her mother is a mermaid, and she must free her from evil Queen Eris.
54,James Reese (Jonathan Rhys Meyers) has a good job as an ambassador's aid in France, but his real passion is a side gig, working in a minor role in the CIA. He would love to be a full-fledged agent and can't believe his luck when he lands an assignment with Charlie Wax (John Travolta). Trigger-happy Charlie soon has James crying for his desk job, but when he learns that the same guys they're trying to catch are after him, James realizes that Charlie may be his only hope of survival.
40,An encounter with an aggressive prostitute (Jessica Alba) brings a Texas lawman's (Casey Affleck) homicidal tendencies screaming to the surface.
72,On a parallel planet, Superman (Mark Harmon), Batman (William Baldwin) and the other heroes must battle their evil counterparts.
91,Hiccup (Jay Baruchel) is a Norse teenager from the island of Berk, where fighting dragons is a way of life. His progressive views and weird sense of humor make him a misfit, despite the fact that his father (Gerard Butler) is chief of the clan. Tossed into dragon-fighting school, he endeavors to prove himself as a true Viking, but when he befriends an injured dragon he names Toothless, he has the chance to plot a new course for his people's future.
49,Middle school is not an enjoyable experience for preteen Greg Heffley (Zachary Gordon) but a horrid ordeal of social land-mines that he must bear. To do so, he devises schemes to win him the recognition and status he feels he deserves -- all of which fail miserably. Greg chronicles his misadventures, thoughts and opinions in a diary to prepare for the day that he will no longer have to put up with nonsense.
31,Jin (Jon Foo) trains to fight Anvil after he witnesses him murdering his mother.
55,A retired mobster goes on a revenge spree after his childhood friend shoots him many times.
55,Enigmatic Nanny McPhee (Emma Thompson) arrives on the doorstep of a harried mother, Isabel Green (Maggie Gyllenhaal), who is trying to raise her kids and tend to the family farm while her husband is away at war. Isabel has her hands full with not only her own three, but also with her sister's spoiled pair. With no time to lose, McPhee uses magic to instill in the children five important lessons.
70,Perseus (Harry Hamlin), son of the Greek god Zeus (Laurence Olivier), grows up on a deserted island. His destiny is to marry Princess Andromeda (Judi Bowker), who will someday rule the city of Joppa. But as long as the satyr Calibos (Neil McCarthy) -- who uses a giant vulture to kidnap Andromeda's soul every night -- is alive, no one can marry her. Perseus travels to Joppa, where he must defeat Calibos and other mythological monsters to rescue Andromeda.
55,Dragged down by the daily grind, suburbanites Phil (Steve Carell) and Claire (Tina Fey) try to invigorate their marriage by visiting a trendy Manhattan bistro. They get more than romance when mistaken identity hurtles them into an incredible adventure involving corrupt cops, a mob boss and a crazy cab driver.
79,Chaos reigns when members of a dysfunctional family gather to bury a loved one. Son Daniel (Matthew MacFadyen) anticipates a face-off with his famous brother Robert (Rupert Graves), while cousin Martha (Daisy Donovan) and her fiance Simon (Alan Tudyk) are desperate to make a good impression on her father. In the midst of the family turmoil, a mystery guest threatens to bring the deceased's skeleton out of the closet.
71,With the world now aware that he is Iron Man, billionaire inventor Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) faces pressure from all sides to share his technology with the military. He is reluctant to divulge the secrets of his armored suit, fearing the information will fall into the wrong hands. With Pepper Potts (Gwyneth Paltrow) and "Rhodey" Rhodes (Don Cheadle) by his side, Tony must forge new alliances and confront a powerful new enemy.
84,In Wes Craven's classic slasher film, several Midwestern teenagers fall prey to Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund), a disfigured midnight mangler who preys on the teenagers in their dreams -- which, in turn, kills them in reality. After investigating the phenomenon, Nancy (Heather Langenkamp) begins to suspect that a dark secret kept by her and her friends' parents may be the key to unraveling the mystery, but can Nancy and her boyfriend Glen (Johnny Depp) solve the puzzle before it's too late?
20,Zombies have taken over the world, and a ragtag band of soldiers led by Sarge Crockett (Alan Van Sprang) roams the countryside trying to scavenge what they can. Constantly on guard against flesh-eaters, the group is intrigued when they hear of a safe haven on Plum Island. But when they arrive, they find the supposed paradise torn apart by a family feud between the O'Flynns, who want to exterminate all zombies, and the Muldoons, who coexist peacefully with their undead relatives.
50,Two young women (Elena Anaya, Natasha Yarovenko) share a night of passion in Rome.
54,Long-settled into married life and fully domesticated, Shrek (Mike Myers) begins to long for the days when he felt like a real ogre. Duped into signing a contract with devious Rumpelstiltskin, he finds himself in an alternate version of Far Far Away, where ogres are hunted, Rumpelstiltskin rules, and he and Fiona (Cameron Diaz) have never met. Shrek must find a way out of the contract to restore his world and reclaim his true love.
76,A champion fighter gets transferred to a Ukrainian facility to fight in a prison tournament.
43,Fun, fashion and friendship continue to define the lives of Carrie (Sarah Jessica Parker), Samantha (Kim Cattrall), Charlotte (Kristin Davis) and Miranda. They have more than they ever wished for, but when the combination of marriage and motherhood approach, the gals take an exotic vacation in Abu Dhabi. The sun-drenched paradise holds many surprises -- especially for Carrie, who faces temptation when she unexpectedly runs into Aidan.
47,Natasha (Nadia Bjorlin) is an aspiring singer and an ace driver. She gets a gig illegally racing flashy sports cars for wealthy music producer Infamous (Eddie Griffin), who, with his millionaire friends Jerry (Tim Matheson) and Michael (Angus Macfadyen), bets big money on street races. But the already dangerous contests spiral out of control when the conniving Michael decides to do whatever it takes to get Natasha racing for him instead of for Infamous -- even if that means kidnapping her.
90,With their beloved Andy preparing to leave for college, Woody (Tom Hanks), Buzz Lightyear (Tim Allen), Jessie (Joan Cusack), and the rest of the toys find themselves headed for the attic but mistakenly wind up on the curb with the trash. Woody's quick thinking saves the gang, but all but Woody end up being donated to a day-care center. Unfortunately, the uncontrollable kids do not play nice, so Woody and the gang make plans for a great escape.
20,Having cheated death, gunslinger and bounty hunter Jonah Hex (Josh Brolin) has one foot in the natural world and one in the supernatural. His unusual nature gives him the ability to track down anyone or anything, so the Army makes him an irresistible offer: It will erase the warrants on his head if he will find Quentin Turnbull (John Malkovich). Turnbull, his oldest enemy, is preparing to unleash hell on Earth and will stop at nothing to kill him.
60,Danger once again surrounds Bella (Kristen Stewart), as a string of mysterious killings terrorizes Seattle and a malicious vampire continues her infernal quest for revenge. Amid the tumult, Bella must choose between her love for Edward (Robert Pattinson) and her friendship with Jacob (Taylor Lautner), knowing that her decision may ignite the long-simmering feud between vampire and werewolf.
91,Dom Cobb (Leonardo DiCaprio) is a thief with the rare ability to enter people's dreams and steal their secrets from their subconscious. His skill has made him a hot commodity in the world of corporate espionage but has also cost him everything he loves. Cobb gets a chance at redemption when he is offered a seemingly impossible task: Plant an idea in someone's mind. If he succeeds, it will be the perfect crime, but a dangerous enemy anticipates Cobb's every move.
71,Ramona Quimby (Joey King) is a plucky youngster with an irrepressible sense of fun and mischief -- a fact that keeps her big sister, Beezus, on her toes. Ramona's vivid imagination and boundless energy serve her well when the two girls must help save their family's home on Klickitat Street.
92,Batman faces a vigilante who aims to clean up Gotham City but does not follow his moral code.
64,Mercenary leader Barney Ross (Sylvester Stallone) and his loyal men take on what they think is a routine assignment: a covert operation to invade the South American country of Vilena and overthrow its dictator. But, when they learn that the job will be a suicide mission, they must choose redemption or the destruction of their brotherhood.
17,A circus clown is finally able to master the lethal Flying Dagger technique after he is turned into a mutant with super-human strength.
29,Becca (Jenn Proske), an angst-ridden teenager, is torn between two supernatural suitors: vampire Edward (Matt Lanter) and werewolf Jacob (Chris Riggi). But she must find a way to evade her controlling father, who treats her like a helpless child. Meanwhile, her friends contend with their own romantic issues, leading to a confrontation at the prom.
43,Spring break turns gory when an underground tremor releases hundreds of prehistoric, carnivorous fish into Lake Victoria, a popular waterside resort. Local cop Julie Forester (Elisabeth Shue) must join forces with a band of unlikely strangers -- though they are badly outnumbered -- to destroy the ravenous creatures before everyone becomes fish food.
42,Shrunken to only two inches tall, Arthur (Freddie Highmore) has to battle evil Maltazard (Lou Reed), who decreases his size with the help of Selenia (Selena Gomez) and Betameche (Jimmy Fallon).
11,Members of three legendary clans fight battles in other dimensions.
39,When an assignment in Sweden ends badly, master assassin Jack (George Clooney) retreats to the Italian countryside with the intention of remaining anonymous. In an uncharacteristic move, he becomes friends with a local priest and pursues a torrid romance with a beautiful woman (Violante Placido). But by stepping out of the shadows, Jack may be making a fatal mistake.
63,After nearly being killed during a violent fight with a powerful drug lord, a former Mexican Federale known as Machete (Danny Trejo) roams Texas streets as a vigilante and sometime day-laborer. Hired to perform a covert hit, he is double-crossed and forced to go on the run. Machete may be down, but not out, and he carves a path of blood, bullets and broken hearts in his quest to settle the score.
85,Doug MacRay (Ben Affleck) leads a band of ruthless bank robbers and has no real attachments except for James (Jeremy Renner), who -- despite his dangerous temper -- is like a brother. Everything changes for Doug when James briefly takes a hostage, bank employee Claire Keesey. Learning that she lives in the gang's neighborhood, Doug seeks her out to discover what she knows, and he falls in love. As the romance deepens, he wants out of his criminal life, but that could threaten Claire.
14,After surviving Barrow, Alaska, Stella moves to Los Angeles and attracts the attention of local vampires, intending to avenge the death of her husband.
91,Dirty cops and corrupt, powerful politicians threaten Nascimento (Wagner Moura).
69,Johnny Knoxville, Bam Margera, Steve-O, Wee Man and the rest of their fearless and foolhardy friends take part in another round of outrageous pranks and stunts. In addition to standing in the path of a charging bull, launching themselves into the air and crashing through various objects, the guys perform in segments such as "Sweatsuit Cocktail," "Beehive Tetherball" and "Lamborghini Tooth Pull."
85,Without the guidance and protection of their professors, Harry (Daniel Radcliffe), Ron (Rupert Grint) and Hermione (Emma Watson) begin a mission to destroy the Horcruxes, the sources of Voldemort's immortality. Though they must rely on one another more than ever, dark forces threaten to tear them apart. Voldemort's Death Eaters have seized control of the Ministry of Magic and Hogwarts, and they are searching for Harry -- even as he and his friends prepare for the ultimate showdown.
72,Though he is the most-brilliant supervillain the world has known, Megamind (Will Ferrell) is the least-successful. Thwarted time and again by heroic Metro Man (Brad Pitt), Megamind is more surprised than anyone when he actually manages to defeat his longtime enemy. But without Metro Man, Megamind has no purpose in life, so he creates a new opponent, who quickly decides that it's more fun to be a bad guy than a hero.
52,Peter Highman (Robert Downey Jr.) will be a dad for the first time when his wife gives birth in five days. He intends to catch a flight home from Atlanta so he can be there for the delivery, but a chance encounter with aspiring actor Ethan Tremblay (Zach Galifianakis) throws a monkey wrench into his plans. Desperate to reach his wife before their baby is born, Peter's sanity is tested when he must take a road trip cross-country with dog-toting Ethan.
87,When the kingdom's most-wanted bandit, Flynn Rider (Zachary Levi), hides in a convenient tower, he immediately becomes a captive of Rapunzel (Mandy Moore), the spire's longtime resident. Crowned with 70 feet of magical golden hair, she has been locked away for years and desperately wants freedom. The feisty teenager strikes a deal with Flynn, and together they begin a whirlwind adventure.
34,Yogi (Dan Aykroyd) and his sidekick, Boo Boo (Justin Timberlake), are Jellystone Park's most-notorious troublemakers, hatching countless schemes to separate park visitors from their vittles. Standing in the way of picnic perfection is their long-suffering nemesis, Ranger Smith (Tom Cavanagh). But when Mayor Brown announces his plans to sell Jellystone Park to loggers, Yogi, Boo Boo and Ranger Smith must join forces to save their beloved campground from closing forever.
34,After 10 years of marriage and two children, it seems that Greg Focker (Ben Stiller) has finally earned a place in the "circle of trust" of his uptight father-in-law, Jack (Robert De Niro). However, Greg is moonlighting with a drug company, which raises Jack's suspicions. As two clans descend on the scene of the young twins' birthday party, Greg must find a way through myriad misunderstandings to prove to Jack -- once and for all -- that he is worthy of being the next family patriarch.
21,Possessed by a demon, a teenager (Sophie Vavasseur) turns to her cleric uncle (Stephen Billington) to perform an exorcism.
30,After a clique of girls makes life difficult, a new student (Meaghan Martin) forms a rival group to take control of the school's corridors.
40,Though he is filled with doubt about the subject, seminary student Michael Kovak (Colin O'Donoghue) finds he must attend a Vatican school of exorcism. Believing possession to be the work of a troubled mind rather than actual demons, hel urges his superiors to look for answers in psychiatry. Then Michael becomes the apprentice of Father Lucas (Anthony Hopkins), a veteran exorcist, and encounters a terrifying force that causes him to question everything he believes.
37,Though the South Pacific's Esa-ala Caves are some of the least-accessible on Earth, expert diver Frank McGuire (Richard Roxburgh) has explored them for months. On one such expedition, Frank is joined by his teenage son, Josh (Rhys Wakefield), and financier Carl Hurley (Ioan Gruffudd). When a flash flood cuts off their exit, they are caught in a life-or-death situation. With supplies dwindling, the divers must navigate a treacherous labyrinth to find a new escape route or die in the process.
59,His heart recently broken, plastic surgeon Danny Maccabee (Adam Sandler) pretends to be married so he can enjoy future dates with no strings attached. His web of lies works, but when he meets Palmer (Brooklyn Decker) -- the gal of his dreams -- she resists involvement. Instead of coming clean, Danny enlists Katherine (Jennifer Aniston), his assistant, to pose as his soon-to-be-ex-wife. Instead of solving Danny's problems, the lies create more trouble.
62,For the past 60 years, a wisecracking alien named Paul (Seth Rogen) has resided at a top-secret military base in America's UFO heartland. When Paul decides he has had enough of Earth, he escapes from the compound and hops on the first handy vehicle -- a rented RV manned by two British sci-fi nerds named Graeme (Simon Pegg) and Clive (Nick Frost). With federal agents and the father of an accidental kidnap victim on their tail, the two hatch a crazy plan to help Paul return to his spaceship.
54,When five men awake in a locked warehouse, none of them can remember his identity or how he ended up locked inside with the others. They must determine who is good and who is bad, in order to stay alive. The film's events take place in reverse order, in a style reminiscent of "Memento."
57,John Smith (Alex Pettyfer) seems like an ordinary teenager, but he is an alien on the run from merciless enemies hunting him and the eight others like him. Always changing his identity and moving to different towns with his guardian, Henri (Timothy Olyphant), John has no real past and no true home. However, in the small Ohio town where he now lives, he discovers love, powerful new abilities, and a connection to others of his kind.
37,Thrown into hell for his crimes, brutal felon John Milton (Nicolas Cage) escapes from the fiery pit after cultists murder his daughter and take her baby. Intent on rescuing the child, Milton joins forces with a waitress, who gives him her ex-lover's fire-red muscle car. In it, the two pursue the cult leader, who plans to sacrifice the infant and unleash hell on Earth. However, the hunters become the hunted when Satan sends his merciless henchman (William Fichtner) to drag Milton back.
69,A chameleon (Johnny Depp) who has lived as a sheltered family pet finds himself in the grip of an identity crisis. Rango wonders how to stand out when it is his nature to blend in. When he accidentally winds up in a frontier town called Dirt, he takes the first step on a transformational journey as the town's new sheriff. Though at first Rango only role-plays, a series of thrilling situations and outrageous encounters forces him to become a real hero.
48,For many years, humans have reported various UFO sightings around the world, fueling speculation about the existence of life on other worlds. In 2011, mankind learns the truth the hard way when alien invaders attack. One by one, the world's great cities fall, leaving Los Angeles as the battleground for humanity's last stand. It's up to a Marine staff sergeant (Aaron Eckhart) and his platoon to draw a line in the sand against a powerful enemy unlike any previously encountered.
82,Mick Haller (Matthew McConaughey) is a charismatic defense attorney who does business out of his Lincoln Continental sedan. Mick spends most of his time defending petty crooks and other bottom-feeders, so it comes as quite a surprise when he lands the case of a lifetime: defending a Beverly Hills playboy (Ryan Phillippe) who is accused of attempted murder. However, what Mick initially thinks is an open-and-shut case with a big monetary reward develops into something more sinister.
8,With help from his crew, Capt. Ahab (Danny Glover) seeks vengeance against a great white dragon that killed his sister.
45,A pimp's (Will Sierra) lackey (Paris Campbell) fights for his life after he decides to reform and rescue the prostitute (Christina Caparoula) he loves from their employer's clutches.
82,Helicopter pilot Colter Stevens (Jake Gyllenhaal) is part of a top-secret military operation that enables him to experience the last few minutes in the life of Sean Fentress, a man who died in a commuter-train explosion. The purpose of Colter's mission is to learn the identity of the bomber and prevent a similar catastrophe. As Colter lives Sean's final moments, he becomes more certain that he can prevent the first tragedy from occurring -- as long as he doesn't run out of time.
71,Captured by smugglers when he was just a hatchling, a macaw named Blu (Jesse Eisenberg) never learned to fly and lives a happily domesticated life in Minnesota with his human friend, Linda. Blu is thought to be the last of his kind, but when word comes that Jewel (Anne Hathaway), a lone female, lives in Rio de Janeiro, Blu and Linda go to meet her. Animal smugglers kidnap Blu and Jewel, but the pair soon escape and begin a perilous adventure back to freedom -- and Linda.
66,Raised by her father (Eric Bana) in the Finnish wilderness, teenage Hanna (Saoirse Ronan) has trained all her life to be the perfect assassin. Her father sends her on a mission, and she stealthily makes her way across Europe while evading agents sent after her by a ruthless operative named Marissa (Cate Blanchett), who once worked with Hanna's father. As she draws closer to her target, Hanna faces startling revelations about her existence and begins to question her humanity.
75,A natural talent in the sport of surfing, teenager Bethany Hamilton (AnnaSophia Robb) loses an arm in a shark attack. Bolstered by the love of her parents (Helen Hunt, Dennis Quaid) and refusing to give up, she plans to return to competition, although questions about her future continue to trouble her. Upon seeing the devastation in Thailand caused by the 2004 tsunami, Bethany discovers a greater purpose: to make a difference in the lives of others.
56,It has been many years since the Ghostface Killer cut a deadly path through the town of Woodsboro. In order to get over the trauma of those horrific events, Sidney Prescott (Neve Campbell) has written a self-help book. She returns to Woodsboro for her book tour, and reconnects with old friends Gale Weathers (Courteney Cox) and Sheriff Dewey (David Arquette). However, Sidney's arrival also sparks the return of Ghostface, putting Sidney and everyone she loves in danger.
76,As the son of Odin (Anthony Hopkins), king of the Norse gods, Thor (Chris Hemsworth) will soon inherit the throne of Asgard from his aging father. However, on the day that he is to be crowned, Thor reacts with brutality when the gods' enemies, the Frost Giants, enter the palace in violation of their treaty. As punishment, Odin banishes Thor to Earth. While Loki (Tom Hiddleston), Thor's brother, plots mischief in Asgard, Thor, now stripped of his powers, faces his greatest threat.
34,A sharpshooter (Chad Michael Collins) must kill another sniper before he becomes a target.
54,The checkered past of Capt. Jack Sparrow (Johnny Depp) catches up to him when he encounters Angelica (Penélope Cruz), a beautiful pirate that Jack once loved then left. Angelica forces him to accompany her to the Queen Anne's Revenge, the ship of the notorious Blackbeard (Ian McShane). Accompanied by a zombie crew, the trio sets sail to find the legendary Fountain of Youth. However, Jack's rival, Barbossa (Geoffrey Rush), also seeks the fountain, as does a ship from Spain.
36,For most, teaching is an honorable profession -- except for Elizabeth (Cameron Diaz). The foul-mouthed, boozy woman can't wait to marry a rich man and quit her job, but she has to rethink her plans when her sugar daddy dumps her. Then Scott Delacorte (Justin Timberlake), a substitute teacher who's cute and rich, arrives. Elizabeth can't wait to sink her teeth into a new meal ticket, but she faces stiff competition from Amy (Lucy Punch), a popular and perky colleague.
52,Two years after the disastrous events in Las Vegas, it is now Stu's (Ed Helms) turn to walk down the aisle. Since his bride is from Thailand, Stu decides to hold the wedding there. Desperately hoping to avoid the mayhem of Doug's (Justin Bartha) bachelor party, Stu chooses what he thinks will be a safe option: an alcohol-free, prewedding brunch. But this being Thailand, and with Phil (Bradley Cooper) and Alan (Zach Galifianakis) again in attendance, anything can happen.
51,A local woman (Kelly Macdonald) is hired to draw paparazzi away from a Hollywood actress (Alice Eve) who has come to Scotland to get married.
75,In 1979 Ohio, several youngsters (Elle Fanning, Joel Courtney, Gabriel Basso) are making a zombie movie with a Super-8 camera. In the midst of filming, the friends witness a horrifying train derailment and are lucky to escape with their lives. They soon discover that the catastrophe was no accident, as a series of unexplained events and disappearances soon follows. Deputy Jackson Lamb (Kyle Chandler), the father of one of the kids, searches for the terrifying truth behind the crash.
49,Racecar Lightning McQueen (Owen Wilson) and his tow-truck buddy, Mater (Larry the Cable Guy), have had their share of adventures together but nothing like what they experience when they head overseas for the first-ever World Grand Prix. While Lightning has his eye on the road to the championship, Mater takes a detour to international espionage when he meets British master spy Finn McMissile (Michael Caine) and stunning spy-in-training Holley Shiftwell (Emily Mortimer).
30,Violinist Caroline Waverly (Gabrielle Anwar) returns to her hometown to retreat from the world, and has no idea she is a prime target for a serial killer stalking the streets.
45,Sworn to preserve intergalactic order, the Green Lantern Corps has existed for centuries. Its newest recruit, Hal Jordan (Ryan Reynolds), is the first human to join the ranks. The Green Lanterns have little regard for humans, who have thus far been unable to harness the powers of the ring each member wears. But Jordan, a gifted and cocky test pilot, may be the corps' only hope when a new enemy called Parallax threatens the universal balance of power.
17,A clan of cannibals, including a madman in a rabbit suit, terrorizes a group of friends (Cheryl Texiera, Alaina Gianci, Matthew Stiller) in remote California.
53,A troubled but gifted dancer (Katerina Graham) prepares to compete on a talent show.
15,A volcanic eruption in Iceland pushes a glacier toward North America.
55,Sam Witwicky (Shia LaBeouf) and his new girlfriend, Carly (Rosie Huntington-Whiteley), join the fray when the evil Decepticons renew their longstanding war against the Autobots. Optimus Prime (Peter Cullen) believes that resurrecting ancient Transformer Sentinel Prime (Leonard Nimoy), once the leader of the Autobots, may lead to victory. That decision, however, has devastating consequences; the war appears to tip in favor of the Decepticons, leading to a climactic battle in Chicago.
49,Best friends Grace (Selena Gomez) and Emma (Katie Cassidy) quit their waitress jobs in small-town Texas and head to Paris for a summer adventure, accompanied by Grace's stepsister, Meg (Leighton Meester). The prepackaged tour fails to meet their expectations, however, and soon their spirits sag. But, when Grace is mistaken for a British socialite named Cordelia, she and her companions head to Monte Carlo to enjoy a week of yacht parties and cute bachelors -- then the real Cordelia arrives.
41,Kindhearted Griffin Keyes (Kevin James) is one of the best-loved caretakers at the Franklin Park Zoo, but since he is more comfortable with the animals than with females of his own species, his love life is lacking. When Griffin decides that the only way to get a girlfriend is to find a more-glamorous career, the animals panic. To keep him from leaving, they reveal their secret ability to talk and offer to teach him the rules of courtship, animal style.
89,A clash between good and evil awaits as young Harry (Daniel Radcliffe), Ron (Rupert Grint) and Hermione (Emma Watson) prepare for a final battle against Lord Voldemort (Ralph Fiennes). Harry has grown into a steely lad on a mission to rid the world of evil. The friends must search for the Horcruxes that keep the dastardly wizard immortal. Harry and Voldemort meet at Hogwarts Castle for an epic showdown where the forces of darkness may finally meet their match.
65,Jamie (Mila Kunis) is a New York-based executive recruiter who entices Dylan (Justin Timberlake), an art director from Los Angeles, to take a job at the New York office of GQ magazine. Finding that they have much in common, the two become fast friends. Feeling jaded by a number of broken romances, Dylan and Jamie decide that they are ready to quit looking for true love and focus on having fun. However, complications unfold when the two best pals add sex to their relationship.
74,It is 1941 and the world is in the throes of war. Steve Rogers (Chris Evans) wants to do his part and join America's armed forces, but the military rejects him because of his small stature. Finally, Steve gets his chance when he is accepted into an experimental program that turns him into a supersoldier called Captain America. Joining forces with Bucky Barnes (Sebastian Stan) and Peggy Carter (Hayley Atwell), Captain America leads the fight against the Nazi-backed HYDRA organization.
60,Naruto is convicted of a crime he did not commit and is sent to an inescapable prison. Naruto plans his escape, even after his charka is locked away by the warden.
77,Will Rodman (James Franco), a scientist in San Francisco, is experimenting with a drug that he hopes will cure his father's (John Lithgow) Alzheimer's disease. After his work is deemed a failure, Will becomes the guardian of Caesar, an infant chimp who was exposed in-utero to Will's drug. Caesar displays unusual intelligence, and Will decides to continue his experiments secretly. But as Caesar's intellect and abilities grow, he comes to represent a threat to man's dominion over Earth.
69,A bionic man (Mark Dacascos) from Hong Kong enlists help from a hostage (Kadeem Hardison) and a woman (Brittany Murphy) to evade villains in San Francisco.
74,A commoner becomes destined to rule the kingdom of Gardania.
74,Orphaned boy Conan (Arnold Schwarzenegger) is enslaved after his village is destroyed by the forces of vicious necromancer Thulsa Doom (James Earl Jones), and is compelled to push "The Wheel of Pain" for many years. Once he reaches adulthood, Conan sets off across the prehistoric landscape of the Hyborian Age in search of the man who killed his family and stole his father's sword. With beautiful warrior Valeria (Sandahl Bergman) and archer Subotai (Gerry Lopez), he faces a supernatural evil.
83,Andrew's father-in-law coaches him in seducing other women to keep his wife interested and happy.
51,Easygoing, dimwitted slacker Ned Rochlin (Paul Rudd) makes the biggest mistake of his so-far uninspired life when he sells some pot to a cop. Homeless and jobless upon his release from jail, Ned must prevail upon his three sisters (Elizabeth Banks, Zooey Deschanel, Emily Mortimer) for help. Though Ned himself is utterly without a shred of ambition or guile, it's a different story with his sisters, who find their carefully ordered lives thrown into chaos whenever he's around.
39,A stranger (Guy Pearce) approaches a high-school teacher (Nicolas Cage) and offers to punish his wife's (January Jones) attacker.
62,A talented teenage singer (Lucy Hale) must contend with her wicked stepfamily.
51,Four fighters-in-training band together to root out a traitor in their midst after their mentor (Michael Jai White) is framed by corrupt cops.
72,A woman (Clara Lago) accidentally becomes trapped in her new home's panic room while trying to spy on her boyfriend (Quim Gutiérrez).
62,Sam Childers (Gerard Butler), a former biker, decides to go to East Africa to help repair homes destroyed by civil war. Transformed by the horrors he sees, Sam ignores the warnings of more experienced aide workers and breaks ground for an orphanage in the heart of territory controlled by a brutal renegade militia. But establishing a shelter is not enough; determined to save as many lives as possible, Sam leads armed missions into enemy territory to rescue kidnapped children.
73,Charlie Kenton (Hugh Jackman) used to be a prizefighter but lost his chance to win a title when heavy, towering robots took over the boxing ring. Now working as a small-time promoter, Charlie pieces together scrap metal into low-end fighters, barely earning enough to make it from one underground venue to the next. After hitting rock bottom, Charlie reluctantly teams with his estranged son, Max (Dakota Goyo), to build and train a championship robot for a last shot at redemption.
88,Former musicians Jan Rosenberg (Max von Sydow) and his wife, Eva (Liv Ullmann), have left the city to avoid a civil war and now live on a rural island where they tend a farm. While the situation seems idyllic, the couple's isolation begins to wear on their relationship, and eventually the armed conflict that they've tried to flee arrives on the quiet island in the form of soldiers. Try as they might, Jan and Eva ultimately can't evade either the war or their own marital problems.
65,Raoul and Emile accidentally release a monster from an eccentric scientist's greenhouse and vow to track it down. They soon realize the beast may not be as menacing as it appears and try to save it from a corrupt police chief.
78,César is the superintendent of an apartment building and keeps very close tabs on the tenants. He secretly enjoys inflicting pain on others, and the occupant of apartment 5B will be his new target.
66,Kids intend to stop the ghost of a woman who abducts children -- due to her guilt over having drowned her own -- that she finds wandering around the woods at night.
74,While shopping at an outdoor market, young reporter Tintin (Jamie Bell), accompanied by his faithful dog, Snowy, buys a model of an old ship called the Unicorn. A shady character named Sakharine (Daniel Craig) and later an American named Barnaby (Joe Starr) try to buy the model from him, but Tintin refuses. The lad discovers that the ship contains a clue about a hidden treasure, but before he can locate it, Tintin is kidnapped and given over to the custody of drunken Capt. Haddock (Andy Serkis).
51,In a future where time is money and the wealthy can live forever, Will Salas (Justin Timberlake) is a poor man who rarely has more than a day's worth of life on his time clock. When he saves Henry Hamilton (Matt Bomer) from time thieves, Will receives the gift of a century. However, such a large transaction attracts the attention of the authorities, and when Will is falsely accused of murder, he must go on the run, taking the daughter (Amanda Seyfried) of an incredibly wealthy man with him.
60,Mumble (Elijah Wood) the penguin, now called the Master of Tap, has an unusual problem: Erik, his son, is reluctant to dance. Erik runs away from home and encounters the Mighty Sven (Hank Azaria) -- a penguin that can fly. Poor Mumble can't compete with Erik's unusual new role model. But, when the world is shaken by powerful forces, Erik gets a chance to see his father's true colors as Mumble gathers all creatures great and small to set things right again.
77,When Austria's crown prince is found dead, evidence seems to point to suicide. However, detective Sherlock Holmes (Robert Downey Jr.) deduces that the prince was murdered and that the crime is but a piece of a puzzle designed by an evil genius named Moriarty (Jared Harris). Holmes and his friend Dr. Watson (Jude Law), who are accompanied by a Gypsy (Noomi Rapace) whose life Holmes saved, chase Moriarty across Europe in the hope that they can thwart his plot before it can come to fruition.
78,Some British retirees (Judi Dench, Maggie Smith, Bill Nighy) decide to outsource their retirement to exotic -- and less expensive -- India. Lured by advertisements for the newly restored Marigold Hotel and imagining a life of leisure in lush surroundings, they arrive and find that the Marigold is actually a shell of its former self. Though their new home is not quite what they had imagined, the retirees find that life and love can begin again when they let go of their pasts.
51,A woman (Katie McGrath) escorts her niece and nephew (Travis Turner) to spend the holidays with their grandfather (Roger Moore), an English duke.
31,Now hiding out in Eastern Europe, Johnny Blaze (Nicolas Cage) is still struggling with the curse of the Ghost Rider -- the devil's bounty hunter. Johnny meets a priest named Moreau (Idris Elba), who asks Johnny to find a boy named Danny (Fergus Riordan) and bring him back. But there's a catch -- Satan (Ciarán Hinds) is looking for the boy too, and has a personal stake in the matter. But if Johnny can find Danny first and save the boy's soul, there's a chance Johnny can save his own soul as well.
51,Dave Seville (Jason Lee), the Chipmunks (Justin Long, Matthew Gray Gubler, Jesse McCartney) and the Chipettes are taking a luxury cruise to the International Music Awards. Of course, Alvin cannot resist the urge to create havoc, and the singing rodents soon find themselves marooned on a seemingly deserted island. While Dave and an unlikely ally launch a search, Alvin and company discover that they are not alone on the island, as they first thought.
25,Young entrepreneurs Sean (Emile Hirsch) and Ben (Max Minghella) meet stranded travelers Natalie (Olivia Thirlby) and Anne (Rachael Taylor) at a hot Moscow nightclub. Their whole world changes in an instant when an alien attack devastates the city and everything goes dark. Joined by a Swedish businessman (Joel Kinnaman), the youths emerge from hiding days later and must somehow fight back against a nearly invisible enemy that could find and disintegrate them at any moment.
15,Now-deposed Mathayus (Victor Webster) lends his battlefield skills to Egypt's King Horus (Ron Perlman), who must fight his own brother (Billy Zane) for the throne.
59,Now 17, Sean Anderson (Josh Hutcherson) receives a coded distress signal from an island where none should exist. Knowing that he will not be able to dissuade Sean from tracking the signal to its source, Hank (Dwayne Johnson), Sean's new stepfather, joins the teen on a quest to the South Pacific. Together with helicopter pilot Gabato (Luis Guzmán) and Gabato's feisty daughter, Kailani (Vanessa Hudgens), they set out to find the island and rescue its sole human inhabitant (Michael Caine).
34,After ruining their friend's wedding gown, bridesmaids (Kirsten Dunst, Isla Fisher, Lizzy Caplan) set out on a frantic search for a replacement, but their mission degenerates into a night of booze, drugs and nightclubbing.
42,New Jersey native Stephanie Plum (Katherine Heigl) has plenty of attitude, even if she is broke after six months of unemployment. Desperate for money, Stephanie convinces her cousin to give her a job as a recovery agent with his bail-bond company. What she lacks in experience she makes up for in moxie, and she intends to bring in her cousin's biggest bail-jumper: Joe Morelli (Jason O'Mara), a former vice cop and murder suspect who broke Stephanie's heart when she was in high school.
71,Andrew (Dane DeHaan) is a socially awkward, introverted teen whose main form of escape and expression is a video camera. But things begin to change when Andrew, his cousin Matt (Alex Russell) and popular classmate Steve (Michael B. Jordan) discover a mysterious substance that leaves them with incredible powers. As their abilities become more powerful, the teens' lives spin out of control when their darker sides begin to emerge. Andrew's camera captures the unfolding events.
61,After a notorious thief steals a princess's priceless ruby, Puss (Antonio Banderas) reluctantly teams up with three mischievous kittens to retrieve the gem.
33,Through the use of their technology, three men's lives are examined.
56,CIA operatives FDR Foster (Chris Pine) and Tuck (Tom Hardy) are inseparable best friends and partners. Together, their good looks, covert abilities and combat skills rank them among the CIA's elite, but their longstanding personal and professional bond is put to the test when they meet Lauren (Reese Witherspoon). FDR and Tuck both fall hard for the beautiful blonde, turning their deadly skills and an array of high-tech gadgetry against each other in an all-out battle for her love.
33,Crime-scene cleaners (Erlend Nervold, Jon Sigve Skard) discover an unstoppable, legendary creature (Silje Reinåmo) at a remote cabin.
78,Merliah goes to Australia for a surfing championship and has to stop Eris from taking over Oceana.
87,Vandal Savage uses stolen information from Batman's secret files to mastermind a plan to exterminate the Justice League.
60,When Civil War veteran John Carter (Taylor Kitsch) mysteriously awakes on the surface of Mars -- also called Barsoom -- he little expects the adventure that awaits him. Carter reluctantly becomes embroiled in an epic conflict among the red planet's inhabitants, including Tars Tarkas (Willem Dafoe) and Princess Dejah Thoris (Lynn Collins). As Barsoom is poised on the brink of collapse, war-weary Carter rediscovers his humanity when he realizes that everyone's fate is in his hands.
67,During World War II, enemy fighter pilots find themselves face to face after shooting down one another's planes over a desolate landscape. In order to survive, they must set aside the rules of war.
86,The captain of a police undercover unit leads rookies as they infiltrate groups of high-school criminals.
50,Calibus returns from the dead and seeks revenge against Perseus and his newborn son.
37,A man (Sean Astin) and wife (Samaire Armstrong) learn that the biological father of their adopted baby daughter will stop at nothing to get her back.
75,Environmental illness sends a California wife (Julianne Moore) to a New Age guru's (Peter Friedman) clinic in New Mexico.
67,U.S. Marine Sgt. Logan Thibault (Zac Efron) returns home from his third tour of duty in Iraq with the one thing he believes kept him alive: a photograph of a woman he doesn't even know. He learns the woman's name is Beth (Taylor Schilling) and goes to meet her, eventually taking a job at her family-run kennel. Though Beth is full of mistrust and leads a complicated life, a romance blooms, giving Logan hope that Beth could become more than just his good-luck charm.
57,Toby (Clint Black) and Flicka step in to help a stable owner (Lisa Hartman Black) and her daughter (Kacey Rohl) save their business from falling to a rival horse trainer who is stealing their clients.
80,Though a childhood bout with polio left him dependent on an iron lung, Mark O'Brien (John Hawkes) maintains a career as a journalist and poet. A writing assignment dealing with sex and the disabled piques Mark's curiosity, and he decides to investigate the possibility of experiencing sex himself. When his overtures toward a caregiver (Annika Marks) scare her away, he books an appointment with sex surrogate Cheryl Cohen Green (Helen Hunt) to lose his virginity.
46,In 18th-century Maine, Barnabas Collins (Johnny Depp) presides over the town of Collinsport. A rich and powerful playboy, Barnabas seals his own doom when he breaks the heart of a witch named Angelique (Eva Green). Angelique turns Barnabas into a vampire and buries him alive. Two centuries later, Barnabas escapes from his tomb and finds 1972 Collinsport a very different place. His once-grand estate has fallen into ruin, and the dysfunctional remnants of his family have fared little better.
31,A man with a suitcase full of money and a bloody past crosses into Mexico and comes under attack in the town of El Fronteras.
20,A sweet-looking old lady hides a dark secret beneath her skin: She is stitched together from pieces of her victims.
29,Former porn stars discuss their lives and careers.
64,Tessa (Dakota Fanning) makes a list of things she wants to do before she passes away from leukemia. Topping the list is her desire to lose her virginity.
61,Two worlds collide when a shy teenager (Debby Ryan) develops an alter ego that becomes popular on the radio.
18,After a deranged scientist steals the egg of a hybrid animal, members of a film crew run from the creature before the people become its dinner.
50,While still a boy, Abraham Lincoln loses his mother to a vampire's bite. He vows revenge, but fails in the attempt, narrowly escaping with his life. He is rescued by Henry (Dominic Cooper), a charismatic vampire hunter who instructs Abe in the fine art of dispatching bloodsuckers. Abe (Benjamin Walker) continues his fight against the undead well into adulthood and his presidency, making a last stand against the ultimate vampire foe (Rufus Sewell) on the eve of the Civil War's defining battle.
62,Scrat's continuous pursuit of an infernal acorn has world-changing consequences for Manny (Ray Romano), Sid (John Alberto Leguizamo) and Diego (Denis Leary) when the continents split apart. The continental crack-up separates Manny and his friends from the rest of the herd, including Manny's mate, Ellie (Jennifer Lopez) and rebellious daughter Peaches (Keke Palmer). The pals are desperate to return home, but a pirate (Peter Dinklage) and his ragtag crew stand in their way.
90,It has been eight years since Batman (Christian Bale), in collusion with Commissioner Gordon (Gary Oldman), vanished into the night. Assuming responsibility for the death of Harvey Dent, Batman sacrificed everything for what he and Gordon hoped would be the greater good. However, the arrival of a cunning cat burglar (Anne Hathaway) and a merciless terrorist named Bane (Tom Hardy) force Batman out of exile and into a battle he may not be able to win.
92,Hana marries a wolf man and raises their two children alone after he dies. They move to the countryside and the children have adventures in the woods and at school.
78,Douglas Quaid (Arnold Schwarzenegger) is a bored construction worker in the year 2084 who dreams of visiting the colonized Mars. He visits "Rekall," a company that plants false memories into people's brains, in order to experience the thrill of Mars without having to travel there. But something goes wrong during the procedure; Quaid discovers that his entire life is actually a false memory and that the people who implanted it in his head now want him dead.
67,Mercenary leader Barney Ross (Sylvester Stallone), Lee Christmas (Jason Statham) and the rest of the Expendables team reunite when Mr. Church (Bruce Willis) hires them for a seemingly easy job. But things go terribly wrong, compelling the mercenaries to seek revenge for a comrade's murder. With the odds against them, Barney and his team are hell-bent on payback and cut a path of destruction through opposing forces, only to encounter an unexpected threat: six pounds of weapons-grade plutonium.
20,Found footage documents British explorers' (Natasha Loring, Matthew Kane, Richard Dillane) discovery of a dinosaur colony in the Congolese jungle.
60,Tae-hun causes trouble for the his unit with his antics. He does not take much seriously until a dogfight leaves a pilot dead and another missing. Tae-hun and the other members of his unit launch a rescue mission to prevent a war from breaking out.
78,Tinker Bell (Mae Whitman), Periwinkle (Lucy Hale) and friends venture into the winter woods to find the secret of fairy wings.
47,In 1990 two people dressed as police officers steal 13 pieces from the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in Boston. The job is one of the most successful art thefts in history, and none of the loot has been recovered. Among the 13 priceless works stolen is Vermeer's "The Concert," one of only 35 of the master's surviving works.
86,After losing his job and wife, and spending time in a mental institution, Pat Solatano (Bradley Cooper) winds up living with his parents (Robert De Niro, Jacki Weaver). He wants to rebuild his life and reunite with his wife, but his parents would be happy if he just shared their obsession with the Philadelphia Eagles. Things get complicated when Pat meets Tiffany (Jennifer Lawrence), who offers to help him reconnect with his wife, if he will do something very important for her in exchange.
41,A mercenary (Jean-Claude Van Damme) who specializes in finding missing children is hired to rescue the kidnapped daughter of a champion (Joe Flanigan) in mixed martial arts.
72,When monsters want to get away from it all, they go to Count Dracula's (Adam Sandler) Hotel Transylvania, a lavish resort where they can be themselves without humans around to bother them. On one special weekend, Dracula invites creatures like the Invisible Man, the Mummy and others to celebrate the 118th birthday of his daughter, Mavis (Selena Gomez). However, an unforeseen complication unfolds when an ordinary human unwittingly crashes the party and falls in love with Mavis.
70,Leon S. Kennedy (Matthew Mercer) sneaks into a former Soviet state to investigate rumors that bio-organic weapons are being used in their civil war. He is immediately ordered to evacuate, but he ignores the order to stop the weapons from being used.
52,Two years ago, retired CIA agent Bryan Mills (Liam Neeson) used his "particular set of skills" to rescue his daughter, Kim (Maggie Grace), from kidnappers. Since then, Kim has been learning self-defense from her father, and Bryan has been on a personal mission to reunite with his ex-wife (Famke Janssen). In Istanbul, Bryan and his family cross paths with Murad (Rade Serbedzija), whose son died at Bryan's hand during Kim's rescue. Murad wants revenge, and he'll stop at nothing to get it.
62,A savage and enraged orphan fends for himself in a barren wasteland. When he crosses paths with civilization he has to learn to tame his inner beast.
35,For many years, Heather Mason (Adelaide Clemens) and her father, Harry (Sean Bean), have been on the run from dangerous forces she does not understand. Heather continues to be plagued by terrifying nightmares and frightened by her father's disappearance, and on the eve of her 18th birthday, she discovers that she is not who she thinks she is. The revelation leads her deep into the demonic world of Silent Hill, where she may become trapped forever.
36,Iris (Brittany Snow) and seven other desperate people become trapped in Shepard's (Jeffrey Combs) mansion. Shepard forces them to play a sadistic game for a large sum of money -- but the dilemmas become increasingly deadly.
86,When James Bond's (Daniel Craig) latest assignment goes terribly wrong, it leads to a calamitous turn of events: Undercover agents around the world are exposed, and MI6 is attacked, forcing M (Judi Dench) to relocate the agency. With MI6 now compromised inside and out, M turns to the one man she can trust: Bond. Aided only by a field agent (Naomie Harris), Bond takes to the shadows and follows a trail to Silva (Javier Bardem), a man from M's past who wants to settle an old score.
85,An elderly woman visits a cottage she used to go to when she was a girl to teach a wild boy how to behave as a human being.
57,After a confrontation in a youth group, Stuart (Sean Astin) shares the story of Old Testament prophet Hosea.
80,Generation after generation, immortal Guardians like Santa Claus (Alec Baldwin), the Easter Bunny (Hugh Jackman) and the Tooth Fairy (Isla Fisher) protect the world's children from darkness and despair. However, an evil boogeyman named Pitch Black (Jude Law) schemes to overthrow the Guardians by obliterating children's belief in them. It falls to a winter sprite named Jack Frost (Chris Pine) to thwart Pitch's plans and save the Guardians from destruction.
83,Bilbo Baggins (Martin Freeman) lives a simple life with his fellow hobbits in the shire, until the wizard Gandalf (Ian McKellen) arrives and convinces him to join a group of dwarves on a quest to reclaim the kingdom of Erebor. The journey takes Bilbo on a path through treacherous lands swarming with orcs, goblins and other dangers, not the least of which is an encounter with Gollum (Andy Serkis) and a simple gold ring that is tied to the fate of Middle Earth in ways Bilbo cannot even fathom.
36,A corporate whistle-blower (Deborah Kara Unger) hires a former CIA agent (Andy Garcia) -- now a talk-show host -- to expose her company's cover-up of a massacre in a South American village.
49,The FBI hires a young private detective (Miley Cyrus) to go under cover at a sorority to guard the daughter of an important witness in an organized-crime case.
75,A former Marine admiral steals the Dyna Stones, and stands in the way of the Straw Hat Pirates.
67,One morning in an ordinary town, five people are shot dead in a seemingly random attack. All evidence points to a single suspect: an ex-military sniper who is quickly brought into custody. The man's interrogation yields one statement: Get Jack Reacher (Tom Cruise). Reacher, an enigmatic ex-Army investigator, believes the authorities have the right man but agrees to help the sniper's defense attorney (Rosamund Pike). However, the more Reacher delves into the case, the less clear-cut it appears.
90,Industry icons, journalists and others discuss the rise of the gaming company Mojang and its creation, "Minecraft."
91,Two years before the Civil War, Django (Jamie Foxx), a slave, finds himself accompanying an unorthodox German bounty hunter named Dr. King Schultz (Christoph Waltz) on a mission to capture the vicious Brittle brothers. Their mission successful, Schultz frees Django, and together they hunt the South's most-wanted criminals. Their travels take them to the infamous plantation of shady Calvin Candie (Leonardo DiCaprio), where Django's long-lost wife (Kerry Washington) is still a slave.
79,On their way to reinforce the barrier that protects their city from demons, student exorcist Rin (Nobuhiko Okamoto) and his twin brother encounter a demon disguised as a young boy.
24,Twelve directors, including Peter Farrelly, Griffin Dunne and Brett Ratner, contributed to this collection of outrageous spoofs and stories. A seemingly perfect man has an unusual blemish on his neck in "The Catch." Superheroes attend a speed-dating event in "Robin's Big Speed Date." Two people on a blind date try to break the ice by playing "Truth or Dare." Other stories include "iBabe," "The Proposition," "Beezel" and "Victory's Glory."
45,Only one victory away from winning his freedom, legendary driver Carl Lucas (Luke Goss) enters the first Death Race to take place in the brutal Kalahari Desert.
51,Young couple Malcolm (Marlon Wayans) and Kisha (Essence Atkins) have just moved into their dream home. As they settle in, they learn that they're not alone -- not because the house is haunted, but because Kisha is possessed by a demon. Desperate to salvage his relationship -- and more importantly -- his sex life -- Malcolm hires a coterie of paranormal specialists, which includes a priest and ghost busters, to banish the unwelcome intruder from Kisha's body.
26,A divorcee (Harriet MacMasters-Green) and her young daughter move to southern Italy, but their new life turns into a nightmare when the child falls under the spell of a malevolent entity.
65,A clairvoyant cook (Anton Yelchin) joins forces with his sweetheart (Addison Timlin) and the town sheriff (Willem Dafoe) to prevent an unknown catastrophe that may be linked to a weird stranger.
40,New York City cop John McClane (Bruce Willis) arrives in Moscow to track down his estranged son, Jack (Jai Courtney). McClane thinks his son is a criminal, so it comes as a shock when he learns that Jack is actually working undercover to protect Komarov (Sebastian Koch), a Russian government whistleblower. With their own lives on the line, McClane and Jack must overcome their differences in order to get Komarov to safety and thwart a potentially disastrous crime in the Chernobyl region.
53,Florida resident Diana (Melissa McCarthy) has a luxurious lifestyle as the queen of retail, buying whatever strikes her fancy -- and it's all free, thanks to Sandy Patterson (Jason Bateman), a guy from Denver whose identity she stole. With just one week to track down Diana before his world implodes, the real Sandy heads south to confront the unapologetic con artist and bring her back to Denver so that he can clear his name and restore his shattered credit rating.
32,A brother and sister battle a witch who uses a special blend of marijuana to lure teenagers into her home.
37,A man (Ben Affleck) reconnects with a childhood sweetheart (Rachel McAdams) after problems arise in his relationship with the Frenchwoman (Olga Kurylenko) he brought home to Oklahoma with him.
77,Prehistoric family the Croods live in a particularly dangerous moment in time. Patriarch Grug (Nicolas Cage), his mate, Ugga (Catherine Keener), teenage daughter Eep (Emma Stone), son Thunk (Clark Duke) and feisty Gran (Cloris Leachman) gather food by day and huddle together in a cave at night. When a more evolved caveman named Guy (Ryan Reynolds) arrives on the scene, Grug is distrustful, but it soon becomes apparent that Guy is correct about the impending destruction of their world.
83,In 1970, paranormal investigators and demonologists Lorraine (Vera Farmiga) and Ed (Patrick Wilson) Warren are summoned to the home of Carolyn (Lili Taylor) and Roger (Ron Livingston) Perron. The Perrons and their five daughters have recently moved into a secluded farmhouse, where a supernatural presence has made itself known. Though the manifestations are relatively benign at first, events soon escalate in horrifying fashion, especially after the Warrens discover the house's macabre history.
80,Birus, the god of destruction, awakes from his long slumber itching for a fight with a Saiyan god.
39,A new app mysteriously appears on a student's smartphone and leaks her personal videos and information. When she tries to delete it, the people around her begin to die in horrible ways.
84,Ashley "Ash" Williams (Bruce Campbell), his girlfriend and three pals hike into the woods to a cabin for a fun night away. There they find an old book, the Necronomicon, whose text reawakens the dead when it's read aloud. The friends inadvertently release a flood of evil and must fight for their lives or become one of the evil dead. Ash watches his friends become possessed, and must make a difficult decision before daybreak to save his own life in this, the first of Sam Raimi's trilogy.
38,Much bizarre activity follows after a husband (Simon Rex) and wife (Ashley Tisdale) bring their newborn infant home from the hospital. When they realize that a demon is stalking their family, they consult paranormal specialists and install numerous cameras to drive out the pesky spirit. Movies that are spoofed in the familiar format include the "Paranormal Activity" franchise, "Mama," "Sinister," "Evil Dead," "Inception," "Black Swan" and "Rise of the Planet of the Apes."
19,A killer (Michael Keaton) terrorizes a blind woman (Michelle Monaghan) in her New York penthouse after murdering her boyfriend.
78,Plagued with worry and insomnia since saving New York from destruction, Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.), now, is more dependent on the suits that give him his Iron Man persona -- so much so that every aspect of his life is affected, including his relationship with Pepper (Gwyneth Paltrow). After a malevolent enemy known as the Mandarin (Ben Kingsley) reduces his personal world to rubble, Tony must rely solely on instinct and ingenuity to avenge his losses and protect the people he loves.
75,Superman (Matt Bomer) battles Brainiac (John Noble) to save the Krypton city of Kandor, which is miniaturized and held aboard Brainiac's ship.
89,The crew of the Starship Enterprise returns home after an act of terrorism within its own organization destroys most of Starfleet and what it represents, leaving Earth in a state of crisis. With a personal score to settle, Capt. James T. Kirk (Chris Pine) leads his people (Zachary Quinto, Karl Urban, Zoë Saldana) on a mission to capture a one-man weapon of mass destruction, thereby propelling all of them into an epic game of life and death.
8,A former firefighter fights to rescue his teenage daughter after living dinosaurs escape from a museum exhibit.
77,Frances (Greta Gerwig) goes from apartment to apartment in Brooklyn as she looks for a job and a stable partner.
44,It's been two years since the gang known as the Wolfpack narrowly escaped disaster in Bangkok. Now, Phil (Bradley Cooper), Stu (Ed Helms) and Doug (Justin Bartha) have happy lives at home -- but Alan (Zach Galifianakis) doesn't. Still lacking contentment and a sense of purpose, Alan has gone off his meds and surrendered to his natural impulses. It's up to the other members of the Wolfpack to get him through his personal crisis by embarking on a road trip to the place it all began: Las Vegas.
70,Charismatic magician Atlas (Jesse Eisenberg) leads a team of talented illusionists called the Four Horsemen. Atlas and his comrades mesmerize audiences with a pair of amazing magic shows that drain the bank accounts of the corrupt and funnel the money to audience members. A federal agent (Mark Ruffalo) and an Interpol detective (Mélanie Laurent) intend to rein in the Horsemen before their next caper, and they turn to Thaddeus (Morgan Freeman), a famous debunker, for help.
36,In an America ravaged by crime and overcrowded prisons, the government sanctions an annual 12-hour period during which all criminal activity -- including murder -- is legal. James Sandin (Ethan Hawke) and his family face the ultimate test when an intruder drags the vicious outside world into their home. James, Mary (Lena Headey) and their two children struggle to survive the night while trying not to turn into monsters like the ones they are striving to avoid.
31,Friends and strangers find shelter in a remote cabin after the collapse of the power grid leads to mass panic.
81,Ever since he was a kid monster, Mike Wazowski (Billy Crystal) has dreamed of becoming a Scarer. To make his dream a reality, he enrolls at Monsters University. During his first semester, he meets Sulley (John Goodman), a natural-born Scarer. Sulley and Mike engage in a fierce rivalry that ultimately gets them both kicked out of MU's elite Scare Program. To make things right, Mike and Sulley -- along with a bunch of misfit monsters -- will have to learn to work together.
72,When former U.N. investigator Gerry Lane (Brad Pitt) and his family get stuck in urban gridlock, he senses that it's no ordinary traffic jam. His suspicions are confirmed when, suddenly, the city erupts into chaos. A lethal virus, spread through a single bite, is turning healthy people into something vicious, unthinking and feral. As the pandemic threatens to consume humanity, Gerry leads a worldwide search to find the source of the infection and, with luck, a way to halt its spread.
85,Now that Gru (Steve Carell) has forsaken a life of crime to raise Margo, Agnes and Edith, he's trying to figure out how to provide for his new family. As he struggles with his responsibilities as a father, the Anti-Villain League -- an organization dedicated to fighting evil -- comes calling. The AVL sends Gru on a mission to capture the perpetrator of a spectacular heist, for who would be better than the world's greatest ex-villain to capture the individual who seeks to usurp his power.
41,Jim (Dominic Purcell), an average resident of New York, goes to extreme lengths for revenge after the economy collapses.
50,A young martial artist's amazing skills in tai chi grant him entry into an underworld fight club.
29,A young woman (Najarra Townsend) begins bleeding, shedding maggots and hallucinating after a stranger date rapes her at a party.
85,A lifelong love of flight inspires Japanese aviation engineer Jiro Horikoshi, whose storied career includes the creation of the A-6M World War II fighter plane.
72,A post-apocalyptic ice age forces humanity's last survivors aboard a globe-spanning supertrain. One man (Chris Evans) will risk everything to lead a revolt for control of the engine and the future of the world.
45,A troubled runaway (Erin Biszak) and a homeless immigrant (Christian Briceno) join forces to survive.
49,Dusty is a small-town plane who dreams of one day competing as a high-flying air racer. However, poor Dusty has two strikes against him: He's not built for racing, and he's terribly afraid of heights. To achieve his dream, Dusty turns to naval aviator Skipper. Skipper helps Dusty qualify to take on Ripslinger, the race circuit's defending champion. Dusty's courage faces the ultimate test, as he takes aim at heights he never dreamed were possible.
61,Chaos ensues when a lethal, airborne virus infects the population of a South Korean city less than 20 kilometers from Seoul.
58,In New York City, a seemingly ordinary teenager named Clary Fray (Lily Collins) learns that she is descended from a line of Shadowhunters -- half-angel warriors who protect humanity from evil forces. After her mother (Lena Headey) disappears, Clary joins forces with a group of Shadowhunters and enters Downworld, an alternate realm filled with demons, vampires and a host of other creatures. Clary and her companions must find and protect an ancient cup that holds the key to her mother's future.
30,A young woman embarks on a merciless path of revenge after three men rape and torture her.
56,Left for dead on a sun-scorched planet, fugitive Riddick (Vin Diesel) fights for survival against alien predators more lethal than any human he has yet encountered. His only hope for escape is to activate an emergency beacon, but that brings with it a different problem: mercenaries. The first ship carries an especially violent and lethal group; the second is led by a man from Riddick's past. With time running out, Riddick realizes that neither group will leave without his head as trophy.
12,Vice, boxing and a U.S. investor's (Martin Landau) deal revolve around a Londoner's (Ray McAnally) nightclub called Empire State.
54,Determined to keep the malevolent Gaia Coalition from ruling the universe, one man boldly attacks enemy spaceships.
57,Soon after their showdown with evil spirits that possessed their son, the Lamberts, Renai (Rose Byrne) and Josh (Patrick Wilson), are ready for their lives to return to normal. However, something still is seriously off, especially with Josh, who -- unbeknown to Renai -- is possessed too. In order to free Josh's soul and finally defeat the malevolent forces around them, Lorraine Lambert (Barbara Hershey) and her ghost-hunting friends investigate the past to save her family's future.
66,His genius finally recognized by his idol Chester V, inventor Flint Lockwood (Bill Hader) gets to join Chester's company, where he can work full-time on technologies to help mankind. However, Flint soon discovers that his most-famous machine, which turns water into food, is still operating but now creates animal/vegetable hybrids. With the fate of humanity in Flint's hands, he and his friends set out to save the world from tacodiles, shrimpanzees and other deliciously dangerous creatures.
63,Taken captive by the Babylonians and brought to their country to serve King Nebuchadnezzar, Daniel sets an example for the other prisoners with his faithfulness to God.
56,Out for revenge, Chucky (Brad Dourif) the killer doll infiltrates the family of a woman, her sister and her young niece.
10,Survivors (Danny Ticknovich, Sandra Segovic) of a nuclear war band together in an old warehouse and try to prevent the living dead from breaking in.
55,Tough and chiseled Ray Breslin (Sylvester Stallone) knows how to infiltrate a prison -- and bust out of one. His latest job leads to a double-cross, leaving him stuck in a high-tech facility with the worst that society has to offer. Luckily for Ray, he meets Emil Rottmayer (Arnold Schwarzenegger), an inmate who secretly helps him hatch a plot to win his freedom. Only sadistic warden Hobbes (Jim Caviezel) stands in the way of the two men successfully making it out alive.
74,In 1961 New York City, folk singer Llewyn Davis (Oscar Isaac) is at a crossroads. Guitar in hand, he struggles against seemingly insurmountable obstacles to make a name for himself in the music world, but so far, success remains elusive. Relying on the kindness of both friends and strangers, Llewyn embarks on an odyssey that takes him from the streets of Greenwich Village to a Chicago club, where awaits a music mogul who could give him the big break that he desperately needs.
90,In the years before the Civil War, Solomon Northup (Chiwetel Ejiofor), a free black man from upstate New York, is kidnapped and sold into slavery in the South. Subjected to the cruelty of one malevolent owner (Michael Fassbender), he also finds unexpected kindness from another, as he struggles continually to survive and maintain some of his dignity. Then in the 12th year of the disheartening ordeal, a chance meeting with an abolitionist from Canada changes Solomon's life forever.
31,Martial artist Kham (Tony Jaa) must rescue his beloved elephant from poachers and thwart a plot to start a war.
75,In ancient times, the gods of Asgard fought and won a war against an evil race known as the Dark Elves. The survivors were neutralized, and their ultimate weapon -- the Aether -- was buried in a secret location. Hundreds of years later, Jane Foster (Natalie Portman) finds the Aether and becomes its host, forcing Thor (Chris Hemsworth) to bring her to Asgard before Dark Elf Malekith (Christopher Eccleston) captures her and uses the weapon to destroy the Nine Realms -- including Earth.
89,In 1952, Irish teenager Philomena (Judi Dench) became pregnant out of wedlock and was sent to a convent. When her baby, Anthony, was a toddler, the nuns took Philomena's child away from her and put him up for adoption in the United States. For the next 50 years, she searched tirelessly for her son. When former BBC correspondent Martin Sixsmith (Steve Coogan) learns of the story, he becomes her ally. They travel together to America to find Anthony and become unexpectedly close in the process.
79,Patema and Age leave their community's tunnels to find out why gravity was reversed by an energy experiment.
61,Hoping to escape from his troubled past, former DEA agent Phil Broker (Jason Statham) moves to a seemingly quiet backwater town in the bayou with his daughter. However, he finds anything but quiet there, for the town is riddled with drugs and violence. When Gator Bodine (James Franco), a sociopathic druglord, puts the newcomer and his young daughter in harm's way, Broker is forced back into action to save her and their home. Based on a novel by Chuck Logan.
67,Hasmet escapes from the unwritten laws of the East and falls in love with Yagmur, a naive young woman without experience of life's bitter realities.
40,In France, an American female attorney (A.J. Cook) defends a murder suspect who has a brutish appearance and a deadly secret.
62,A performance artist turns his suicide into a work of art by melting ice with his body.
46,The witch Bayonetta wakes from a 500-year slumber on the bottom of a lake with no memories, and battles hordes of angels to rediscover her past.
63,Growing up, James Ellis (Kipp Marcus) is warned about love by his grandmother (Judith Malina) -- she claims a curse plagues his family, as evidenced by his mother's (Bernadette Peters) shoddy love life. During high school, James meets Sarah (Alice Dylan) and thoughts of caution disappear. Years later, James and Sarah meet again in New York City. James is a student at a culinary institute, while Sarah is an engaged workaholic. James must defeat the curse to regain his long-lost soul mate.
74,Irving Rosenfeld (Christian Bale) dabbles in forgery and loan-sharking, but when he falls for fellow grifter Sydney Prosser (Amy Adams), things change in a big way. Caught red-handed by FBI agent Richie DiMaso (Bradley Cooper), Irv and Sydney are forced to work under cover as part of DiMaso's sting operation to nail a New Jersey mayor (Jeremy Renner). Meanwhile, Irv's jealous wife (Jennifer Lawrence) may be the one to bring everyone's world crashing down. Based on the 1970s Abscam case.
16,Three genetically altered Russian soldiers are found buried in the frozen Canadian wilderness. Once thawed, they continue on their original, Cold War-era mission to destroy New York City.
85,Having survived the first part of their unsettling journey, Bilbo Baggins (Martin Freeman) and his companions (Ian McKellen, Richard Armitage) continue east. More dangers await them, including the skin-changer Beorn and the giant spiders of Milkwood. After escaping capture by the dangerous Wood Elves, Bilbo and the dwarves journey to Lake-town and, finally, to the Lonely Mountain, where they face the greatest danger of all: the fearsome dragon Smaug (Benedict Cumberbatch).
82,A sensitive and soulful man earns a living by writing personal letters for other people. Left heartbroken after his marriage ends, Theodore (Joaquin Phoenix) becomes fascinated with a new operating system which reportedly develops into an intuitive and unique entity in its own right. He starts the program and meets "Samantha" (Scarlett Johansson), whose bright voice reveals a sensitive, playful personality. Though "friends" initially, the relationship soon deepens into love.
34,Teenagers Jesse and Hector look forward to a carefree summer, but the murder of a neighbor leads to a terrifying encounter with the supernatural. After breaking into the neighbor's apartment, Jesse and Hector find a collection of ritualistic art and other bizarre items. Soon after Jesse takes a journal of occult writings, he finds a strange mark on his arm. His subsequent erratic behavior leads Jesse's friends and family to the realization that he is possessed.
53,To his friends and loved ones, young Jack Ryan (Chris Pine) appears to be an ordinary executive; however, he has secretly worked for the CIA for years. Ryan was originally brought in to crunch global data, but when he uncovers a carefully planned scheme to crash the U.S. economy and spark global chaos, he becomes the only man with the skills to stop it. Now a full operative, Ryan finds himself caught between his secretive handler, his clueless fiancee and a brilliant Russian leader.
63,Filmmaker Hubert Sauper examines how colonialism, war and business contribute to the exploitation of South Sudan.
44,During World War II, the Nazis steal countless pieces of art and hide them away. Some over-the-hill art scholars, historians, architects and other experts form a unit to retrieve as many of the stolen masterpieces as possible. The mission becomes even more urgent when the team learns about Hitler's "Nero Decree," which orders destruction of the artworks if the Third Reich falls. Caught in a race against time, the men risk their lives to protect some of mankind's greatest achievements.
46,Best pals Jason (Zac Efron) and Daniel (Miles Teller) indulge in casual flings and revel in their carefree, unattached lives. After learning that the marriage of their friend Mikey (Michael B. Jordan) is over, they gladly welcome him back into their circle. The three young men make a pact to have fun and avoid commitment. However, when all three find themselves involved in serious relationships, they must keep their romances secret from one another.
79,Superman (Alan Tudyk), Wonder Woman (Michelle Monaghan), Batman (Jason O'Mara) and other superheroes join forces to save Earth from Darkseid.
70,Tinker Bell (Mae Whitman) and her friends go in search of a wayward fairy (Christina Hendricks) who fled Pixie Hollow and joined up with a band of scheming pirates led by the future Captain Hook (Tom Hiddleston).
73,A mermaid who has the power to change the color of pearls helps her friends prepare for their kingdom's royal ball.
86,In the 1930s, the Grand Budapest Hotel is a popular European ski resort, presided over by concierge Gustave H. (Ralph Fiennes). Zero, a junior lobby boy, becomes Gustave's friend and protege. Gustave prides himself on providing first-class service to the hotel's guests, including satisfying the sexual needs of the many elderly women who stay there. When one of Gustave's lovers dies mysteriously, Gustave finds himself the recipient of a priceless painting and the chief suspect in her murder.
51,While King Leonidas and his 300 Spartans have their date with destiny at Thermopylae, another battle against the Persians is brewing, this time at sea. Themistocles (Sullivan Stapleton), a Greek general, sees the threat posed by the God-King Xerxes of Persia. He knows that he must unite all of Greece if he is to stand any chance of repelling the Persian invasion. Even if he accomplishes his mission, Themistocles must still face Artemisia (Eva Green), the ruthless leader of the Persian armada.
57,Tobey Marshall (Aaron Paul), a mechanic, races muscle cars in an underground circuit. Struggling to keep his business afloat, he reluctantly partners with wealthy but treacherous Dino Brewster (Dominic Cooper). However, Dino frames Tobey for a crime that sends him to prison. Two years later, Tobey is out and bent on revenge; his only chance to take down Dino is to beat him in a high-stakes race. But to get there in time, he must successfully evade an army of cops and bounty hunters.
69,Tris Prior (Shailene Woodley) lives in a futuristic world in which society is divided into five factions. As each person enters adulthood, he or she must choose a faction and commit to it for life. Tris chooses Dauntless -- those who pursue bravery above all else. However, her initiation leads to the discovery that she is a Divergent and will never be able to fit into just one faction. Warned that she must conceal her status, Tris uncovers a looming war which threatens everyone she loves.
58,Blue macaws Blu (Jesse Eisenberg), Jewel (Anne Hathaway) and their three children are comfortably settled in the city -- perhaps too comfortably. Jewel fears that the children are becoming more like humans than birds. After learning that she and Blu may not be the last blue macaws after all, Jewel decides that their little family should visit the Amazon jungle. It's there that Blu meets his formidable father-in-law (Andy Garcia) and goes beak-to-beak with archnemesis Nigel (Jemaine Clement).
92,After the cataclysmic events in New York with his fellow Avengers, Steve Rogers, aka Captain America (Chris Evans), lives in the nation's capital as he tries to adjust to modern times. An attack on a S.H.I.E.L.D. colleague throws Rogers into a web of intrigue that places the whole world at risk. Joining forces with the Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson) and a new ally, the Falcon, Rogers struggles to expose an ever-widening conspiracy, but he and his team soon come up against an unexpected enemy.
53,Haunted by the violent demise of their parents 10 years earlier, adult siblings Kaylie (Karen Gillan) and Tim (Brenton Thwaites) are now struggling to rebuild their relationship. Kaylie suspects that their antique mirror, known as the Lasser Glass, is behind the tragedy. The seemingly harmless reflections contain a malevolent, supernatural force that infects the mind of anyone who gazes into it. As Kaylie gets closer to the truth, the siblings become caught in the mirror's evil spell.
12,On a mission to locate the U.S. president, a rescue team battles an ancient monster in the Bermuda Triangle.
39,Weary of dealing with their mother's alcoholism and string of abusive boyfriends, teenage siblings (Abigail Breslin, Georgie Henley) plot to kill her.
32,When a 3-year-old girl goes missing, a detective revisits a crime committed by two once-underage perpetrators who were recently released from custody.
47,In a dystopian Detroit, grand houses that once housed the wealthy are now homes of the city's most-dangerous criminals. Surrounding the area is a giant wall to keep the rest of Detroit safe. For undercover cop Damien Collier (Paul Walker), every day is a battle against corruption as he struggles to bring his father's killer, Tremaine (RZA), to justice. Meanwhile, Damien and an ex-con named Lino (David Belle) work together to save the city from a plot to destroy it.
37,Meghan (Elizabeth Banks) is an aspiring news anchor in the cutthroat world of Los Angeles television. After an audition for her dream job ends in failure, she goes out for an uncharacteristic night of partying. The next morning, she awakes in a stranger's bed and hears a phone message from her agent telling her the job is hers if she can make it across town by 5:00 pm. Stranded in an unknown area without money, phone or transportation, she races to the most important interview of her life.
20,The lives of several teenagers are turned upside down when a sinister force takes over their town.
64,Recently divorced mom Lauren (Drew Barrymore) and widowed dad Jim (Adam Sandler) let their friends push them into a blind date, which goes disastrously wrong. Unsurprisingly, neither wants to see the other ever again. However, fate intervenes when both Jim and Lauren, unbeknown to each other, purchase one-half of the same vacation package at a South African resort; they and their children are forced to share the same suite and participate in a slew of family activities together.
90,When Earth falls under attack from invincible aliens, no military unit in the world is able to beat them. Maj. William Cage (Tom Cruise), an officer who has never seen combat, is assigned to a suicide mission. Killed within moments, Cage finds himself thrown into a time loop, in which he relives the same brutal fight -- and his death -- over and over again. However, Cage's fighting skills improve with each encore, bringing him and a comrade (Emily Blunt) ever closer to defeating the aliens.
70,As a beautiful young woman of pure heart, Maleficent (Angelina Jolie) has an idyllic life in a forest kingdom. When an invading army threatens the land, Maleficent rises up to become its fiercest protector. However, a terrible betrayal hardens her heart and twists her into a creature bent on revenge. She engages in an epic battle with the invading king's successor, then curses his newborn daughter, Aurora -- realizing only later that the child holds the key to peace in the kingdom.
76,The life of soccer star Cristiano Ronaldo, from his humble upbringing to becoming the star player for Real Madrid.
89,Five years have passed since Hiccup and Toothless united the dragons and Vikings of Berk. Now, they spend their time charting the island's unmapped territories. During one of their adventures, the pair discover a secret cave that houses hundreds of wild dragons -- and a mysterious dragon rider who turns out to be Hiccup's long-lost mother, Valka (Cate Blanchett). Hiccup and Toothless then find themselves at the center of a battle to protect Berk from a power-hungry warrior named Drago.
11,An anthropologist has to save the Earth when a beacon in the Pyramid of the Sun triggers an alien blitzkrieg.
47,After a construction project begins in their neighborhood, best friends Tuck (Brian "Astro" Bradley), Alex (Teo Halm) and Munch (Reese C. Hartwig) begin receiving strange, encoded messages on their cell phones. They immediately inform their parents and the authorities, but when no one takes them seriously, the youths decide to crack the code themselves and trace the messages to their source. The youths' curiosity leads them to a robotic extraterrestrial who desperately needs their help.
59,In "Think Like a Man," a group of close friends applied relationship advice from a book by Steve Harvey to their own romantic entanglements. In the end, Dominic (Michael Ealy) and the rest of his "band of brothers" were well on their way to everlasting love with the women in their lives. However, when all of the couples reunite in Las Vegas for one's wedding, a series of compromising situations threatens to derail not only the big event but also the survival of everyone else's love affair.
40,The warriors called "Saints" are champions of hope who appear whenever evil threatens the world.
50,After an epic battle, a great city lies in ruins, but the Earth itself is saved. As humanity begins to pick up the pieces, a shadowy group emerges to try to take control of history. Meanwhile, an ancient and powerful new menace sets its sights on Earth. A new group of humans, led by Cade Yeager (Mark Wahlberg), helps Optimus Prime (Peter Cullen) and the Autobots rise up to meet their most fearsome challenge yet: a worldwide war of good versus evil.
88,Ten years after simian flu wiped out much of the world's homosapiens, genetically enhanced chimpanzee Caesar (Andy Serkis) and his ever-growing band of followers have established a thriving colony just outside San Francisco in Muir Woods. Meanwhile, a small band of human survivors emerges, which forces Caesar -- as leader -- to grapple with the dual challenge of protecting his people and re-establishing a relationship with the remaining human population -- the latter being Caesar's secret wish.
36,For Tammy (Melissa McCarthy), a burger-joint waitress, a bad day keeps getting worse. She wrecks her car, loses her job and finds her husband in a compromising position with their neighbor. It's time for Tammy to hit the road, but without money or transportation, her options are limited. Her only choice is a road trip with her grandmother, Pearl (Susan Sarandon), who has a car, cash and an itch to see Niagara Falls. It's not the escape Tammy had in mind, but it may be what she needs.
32,Nicholas, his parents and Granny hit the road, heading for the sea, and stay in the Beau-Rivage Hotel. At the beach, Nicholas wastes little time making new friends, and the group has many adventures.
33,When Annie (Cameron Diaz) and Jay (Jason Segel) first meet, they have an instant and intense romantic connection. However, 10 years and two children later, the flames of passion have dimmed to dull embers. To bring back the spark, the couple decide to record themselves trying out every position in "The Joy of Sex," which seems like a great idea at the time -- until they discover that their private recording has gone public via the Internet.
76,Disney tackles Greek mythology in this animated feature. Hercules (Tate Donovan), a son of gods, was snatched as a baby by Hades (James Woods) and forced to live among mortals as a half-man, half-god. Now a teenager, Hercules needs to perform a rite of passage on Earth to prove himself worthy of living with the gods on Mount Olympus. With his plucky satyr sidekick, Philoctetes (Danny DeVito), along for the ride, Hercules must learn how to use his strength to defeat a series of evil creatures.
92,Brash space adventurer Peter Quill (Chris Pratt) finds himself the quarry of relentless bounty hunters after he steals an orb coveted by Ronan, a powerful villain. To evade Ronan, Quill is forced into an uneasy truce with four disparate misfits: gun-toting Rocket Raccoon, treelike-humanoid Groot, enigmatic Gamora, and vengeance-driven Drax the Destroyer. But when he discovers the orb's true power and the cosmic threat it poses, Quill must rally his ragtag group to save the universe.
48,Years ago, Barney Ross (Sylvester Stallone) co-founded the Expendables with Conrad Stonebanks (Mel Gibson). After Stonebanks became an arms dealer, Ross was forced to kill him -- or so he thought. Now, Stonebanks is back and he's on a mission to end the Expendables. Ross decides that the way to fight old blood is with new blood, so he assembles a team of younger, faster, more tech-savvy recruits. The battle to topple Stonebanks becomes a clash of old-school methods vs. high-tech expertise.
60,Splinter, the rat sensei, senses something amiss in New York City. His disciples, Leonardo, Donatello, Raphael and Michelangelo have grown apart since their last adventure. The teenage terrapins must somehow renew and strengthen their bond if they are to have any hope of defeating an evil industrialist's army of ancient monsters.
44,The damaged denizens of Sin City return for another round of stories from the mind of Frank Miller. In "Just Another Saturday Night," Marv (Mickey Rourke) struggles to recall a nasty run-in with some frat boys. In "A Dame to Kill For," Dwight McCarthy (Josh Brolin) forsakes his battle with his inner demons to help Ava Lord (Eva Green), the woman of his dreams and nightmares. In "Nancy's Last Dance," Nancy Callahan (Jessica Alba), mad with grief and rage over Hartigan's death, vows revenge.
38,Cataclysmic events and biblical enemies shatter a wedding, and the event's participants face an uncertain future, scrambling for safety while questioning their beliefs.
75,A temporal agent (Ethan Hawke) embarks on a final time-traveling assignment to prevent an elusive criminal from launching an attack that kills thousands of people.
40,Ever since a vicious attack nearly claimed her life, Christine Lucas (Nicole Kidman) has suffered from anterograde amnesia and is unable to form new memories. Every morning, she becomes reacquainted with her husband, Ben (Colin Firth), and the other constants in her life. In accordance with her doctor's (Mark Strong) instructions, Christine keeps a video diary. As Christine starts to uncover terrifying truths about her past, she begins to question everything -- and everyone -- around her.
29,New York college student Justine (Lorenza Izzo), a lawyer's daughter, meets a student activist named Alejandro (Ariel Levy) when he goes on a hunger strike on behalf of underpaid janitors. Smitten, Justine agrees to help Alejandro undertake his next project: to save the Amazon. She soon learns to regret her decision when their plane crashes in the Peruvian jungle and she and the rest of their group are taken captive by a tribe of hungry cannibals.
20,In the Mojave Desert, a naked and unarmed hunting guide (Jeremy Irvine) runs from a wealthy hunter (Michael Douglas) who wants to ensure his silence in the death of an old man.
68,Thomas (Dylan O'Brien), a teenager, arrives in a glade at the center of a giant labyrinth. Like the other youths dumped there before him, he has no memory of his previous life. Thomas quickly becomes part of the group and soon after demonstrates a unique perspective that scores him a promotion to Runner status -- those who patrol the always-changing maze to find an escape route. Together with Teresa (Kaya Scodelario), the only female, Thomas tries to convince his cohorts that he knows a way out.
76,Bob Saginowski (Tom Hardy) tends bar in his cousin's pub and looks the other way when local mobsters use the joint as a temporary bank. His simple life takes a complicated turn when he finds a battered puppy. He asks his neighbor, Nadia (Noomi Rapace), for help nursing it back to health, and a mutual attraction sparks between them. However, a robbery at the bar and the return of Nadia's abusive ex force Bob to face the truth about those he thinks he knows best -- including himself.
53,Matt Scudder (Liam Neeson), formerly part of the NYPD, now works as an unlicensed private detective. His latest client is a drug trafficker (Dan Stevens) whose wife was kidnapped and brutally murdered, and as Scudder delves deeper, he finds that the crime's sequence is the modus operandi of the perpetrators. Before they can strike again and destroy other lives, Scudder races through the back streets of New York to catch the killers, blurring the lines between lawful and criminal as he goes.
76,Robert McCall (Denzel Washington), a man of mysterious origin who believes he has put the past behind him, dedicates himself to creating a quiet new life. However, when he meets Teri (Chloë Grace Moretz), a teenager who has been manhandled by violent Russian mobsters, he simply cannot walk away. With his set of formidable skills, McCall comes out of self-imposed retirement and emerges as an avenging angel, ready to take down anyone who brutalizes the helpless.
77,In the Mexican town of San Angel, Manolo (Diego Luna), Maria (Zoë Saldana) and Joaquin (Channing Tatum) have been friends ever since childhood. Although their lives have taken different paths -- Maria was sent to Europe, Joaquin joined the military, and Manolo studied to become a bullfighter -- one thing remains the same: Manolo and Joaquin both want to marry Maria. Little does the trio know that battling husband-and-wife deities have made a high-stakes wager on the love triangle's outcome.
6,Erick is taken from his family by Viking raiders and raised as one of them. When his clan is attacked by a dragon, he discovers he is bound to an ancient prophecy and destined to stop an impending apocalypse.
29,Her mind shattered, a novelist (Maria Bello) seeks revenge on the man who brutally assaulted her on a desolate New England road.
91,Robotics prodigy Hiro (Ryan Potter) lives in the city of San Fransokyo. Next to his older brother, Tadashi, Hiro's closest companion is Baymax (Scott Adsit), a robot whose sole purpose is to take care of people. When a devastating turn of events throws Hiro into the middle of a dangerous plot, he transforms Baymax and his other friends, Go Go Tamago (Jamie Chung), Wasabi (Damon Wayans Jr.), Honey Lemon (Genesis Rodriguez) and Fred (T.J. Miller) into a band of high-tech heroes.
86,In Earth's future, a global crop blight and second Dust Bowl are slowly rendering the planet uninhabitable. Professor Brand (Michael Caine), a brilliant NASA physicist, is working on plans to save mankind by transporting Earth's population to a new home via a wormhole. But first, Brand must send former NASA pilot Cooper (Matthew McConaughey) and a team of researchers through the wormhole and across the galaxy to find out which of three planets could be mankind's new home.
46,Former radio singer Kay (June Allyson) learns from her gossipy friends that her husband, Steve (Leslie Nielsen), has had an affair with chorus girl Crystal (Joan Collins). Devastated, Kay tries to ignore the information, but when Crystal performs one of her musical numbers at a charity benefit, she breaks down and goes to Reno to file for divorce. However, when she hears that gold-digging Crystal is making Steve unhappy, Kay resolves to get her husband back.
35,In need of a new kidney and having learned that he has a long-lost daughter, dimwit Harry Dunne (Jeff Daniels) snaps his equally cretinous pal, Lloyd Christmas (Jim Carrey), out of an apparent fugue state to accompany him on a journey to find her. The witless wonders criss-cross the country using whatever mode of transportation they can find, ultimately arriving at the one place on Earth where they least belong: a summit of the world's most brilliant minds.
91,In 1939, newly created British intelligence agency MI6 recruits Cambridge mathematics alumnus Alan Turing (Benedict Cumberbatch) to crack Nazi codes, including Enigma -- which cryptanalysts had thought unbreakable. Turing's team, including Joan Clarke (Keira Knightley), analyze Enigma messages while he builds a machine to decipher them. Turing and team finally succeed and become heroes, but in 1952, the quiet genius encounters disgrace when authorities reveal he is gay and send him to prison.
63,Plucky penguins Skipper (Tom McGrath), Kowalski (Chris Miller), Rico (Conrad Vernon) and Private (Christopher Knights) -- the most elite spies ever hatched -- join forces with a chic undercover organization known as the North Wind. Led by highly trained, handsome and arrogant Agent Classified (Benedict Cumberbatch), this special inter-species task force must stop a many-tentacled villain, Dr. Octavius Brine (John Malkovich), from destroying the world.
72,As the human race deals with murders all over the world, a high-school student with a parasite living as his right hand discovers the truth.
35,Egyptian Princes Moses (Christian Bale) and Ramses (Joel Edgerton) are raised together as brothers. When Ramses becomes pharaoh, Moses is his most-trusted adviser. However Moses soon discovers his Hebrew parentage, and Ramses banishes him to the desert -- often a death sentence. But God has a mission for Moses: Free the Israelites from slavery. Moses returns from exile and demands that Ramses let his people go, but the arrogant ruler is unmoved, leading to a battle of divine wills.
82,Two years after the Fourth Shinobi World War, Naruto must stop Toneri Otsutsuki, a descendant of Hamura Otsutsuki, after Toneri causes the moon to descend toward Earth.
74,Having reclaimed Erebor and vast treasure from the dragon Smaug, Thorin Oakenshield (Richard Armitage) sacrifices friendship and honor in seeking the Arkenstone, despite Smaug's fiery wrath and desperate attempts by the Hobbit Bilbo (Martin Freeman) to make him see reason. Meanwhile, Sauron sends legions of Orcs in a sneak attack upon the Lonely Mountain. As the fate of Middle Earth hangs in the balance, the races of Men, Elves and Dwarves must decide whether to unite and prevail -- or all die.
34,Centuries ago, a supernatural champion named Master Gregory (Jeff Bridges) defeated Mother Malkin (Julianne Moore), a malevolent witch. Now, she has escaped imprisonment and thirsts for vengeance. She summons her followers and prepares to unleash her wrath on humanity. Only one thing stands in her way: Master Gregory. Gregory takes Tom Ward (Ben Barnes) as his new apprentice, but he has only until the next full moon to teach Tom what usually takes years: how to prevail against dark magic.
43,Ex-covert operative Bryan Mills (Liam Neeson) and his ex-wife, Lenore (Famke Janssen), are enjoying a reconciliation when Lenore is brutally murdered. Bryan is framed for the crime and flees, with the CIA, FBI and police all in hot pursuit. For the last time, he channels his rage and particular set of skills into hunting down Lenore's real killers, taking his revenge and protecting the one important thing left in his life: his daughter, Kim (Maggie Grace).
57,When the exhibits at New York's Natural History Museum start behaving strangely, Larry Daley (Ben Stiller) -- now the director of nighttime operations -- must find out the cause. He learns that the Tablet, which magically brings Teddy Roosevelt (Robin Williams), Jedediah (Owen Wilson) and the other exhibits to life at night, has started to decay. Larry, along with his son and museum friends, must travel to London's British Museum to learn how to prevent the Tablet's magic from disappearing.
41,A young detective becomes an unwilling participant in a deadly cat and mouse game when he is kidnapped by a serial killer. To survive, he has to use all of the wisdom imparted to him by veteran detectives during poker nights.
84,U.S. Navy SEAL Chris Kyle (Bradley Cooper) takes his sole mission -- protect his comrades -- to heart and becomes one of the most lethal snipers in American history. His pinpoint accuracy not only saves countless lives but also makes him a prime target of insurgents. Despite grave danger and his struggle to be a good husband and father to his family back in the States, Kyle serves four tours of duty in Iraq. However, when he finally returns home, he finds that he cannot leave the war behind.
44,Linda (Laura Allen) watches as Heather (India Eisley), their gorgeous new nanny, slowly bonds with her daughter and husband.
24,During World War II, the London bombings force schoolteachers Eve Parkins (Phoebe Fox) and Jean Hogg (Helen McCrory) to evacuate a group of children to Crythin Gifford. When the refugees take shelter at Eel Marsh House, Eve soon comes to realize that they are not alone. The longer they remain there, the more the house's evil spirit threatens the children. With the help of a pilot (Jeremy Irvine), Eve tries to protect the children and uncover the truth behind the Woman in Black.
72,With support from his loving wife Gerda (Alicia Vikander), artist Einar Wegener (Eddie Redmayne) prepares to undergo one of the first sex-change operations.
24,After a Hong Kong nuclear plant and the Mercantile Trade Exchange in Chicago are hacked by unknown perpetrators, a federal agent (Viola Davis) proposes that the FBI work with China to find the cyber-criminals. The leader of the Chinese team, Chen Dawai, insists that convicted hacker Nick Hathaway (Chris Hemsworth) be released from prison to help with the investigation. As Nick and his comrades chase their quarry, it becomes evident that the hackers have a sinister motive for their actions.
63,Socially awkward Doug Harris (Josh Gad) is two weeks from marrying the gal (Kaley Cuoco-Sweeting) of his dreams, but he has a problem: He doesn't have any groomsmen for the occasion. Desperate and running out of time, Doug calls upon Jimmy Callahan (Kevin Hart), owner and operator of Best Man Inc., a company that provides attendants for friendless grooms. As Doug tries to pull off the con, a bromance unexpectedly blossoms between Jimmy and himself.
30,Charismatic British aristocrat and part-time shady art dealer Charlie Mortdecai (Johnny Depp) suffers from a constant lack of funds to support his lush lifestyle, so when Alistair Maitland (Ewan McGregor), a college friend and officer in MI5, asks him to find a stolen Goya painting, he accepts. But Charlie's not the only one with designs on the painting; an American heiress and a revolutionary want it too, for the artwork is rumored to contain the code to a bank account filled with Nazi gold.
52,Bog King (Alan Cumming) leader of the Dark Forest, hates the notion of love and has ordered the destruction of all primroses, which are an essential ingredient of love potions. However, when he meets Marianne (Evan Rachel Wood), a feisty fairy princess whose heart was broken by a philandering fiance, he begins to change his mind. Meanwhile, an elf named Sunny (Elijah Kelley) makes his way to the Dark Forest to collect enough primrose petals for a potion of his own.
45,David Raskin (Jonny Weston) is a high-school science nerd who dreams of going to MIT. When he and his friends (Sam Lerner, Allen Evangelista) find his late father's plans for a "temporal displacement device," David can't wait to start tinkering. When they finally get the device to work, the teenagers jump at the opportunity to manipulate time in their favor -- but their joy is short-lived when they begin to discover the consequences of their actions.
38,Jupiter Jones (Mila Kunis) was born under signs that predicted future greatness, but her reality as a woman consists of cleaning other people's houses and endless bad breaks. Caine (Channing Tatum), a genetically engineered hunter, arrives on Earth to locate her, making Jupiter finally aware of the great destiny that awaits her: Jupiter's genetic signature marks her as the next in line for an extraordinary inheritance that could alter the balance of the cosmos.
41,When college senior Anastasia Steele (Dakota Johnson) steps in for her sick roommate to interview prominent businessman Christian Grey (Jamie Dornan) for their campus paper, little does she realize the path her life will take. Christian, as enigmatic as he is rich and powerful, finds himself strangely drawn to Ana, and she to him. Though sexually inexperienced, Ana plunges headlong into an affair -- and learns that Christian's true sexual proclivities push the boundaries of pain and pleasure.
39,An exiled Chinese general (Jackie Chan) offers shelter to a renegade Roman (John Cusack) and his legion, then becomes involved in the soldier's dispute with Rome's villainous consul (Adrien Brody).
62,Lawrence Newman (William H. Macy) is an ordinary man who doesn't want to stand out in a dangerous world. Then, unassuming Newman and his sexy, outspoken newlywed wife (Laura Dern) become caught up in a case of mistaken identity. Suddenly the unwitting focus of his neighbors' prejudice, Newman is faced with a choice - to go down as a coward or take a long shot at becoming the unlikeliest of heroes - and tell the truth.
75,After her best friend hires her to test her lover's fidelity, a struggling actress embarks on a lucrative new career. Trouble brews, however, when she falls in love with her latest mark.
56,In the near future, a mechanized police force patrols the streets and deals with lawbreakers -- but now, the people are fighting back. When one police droid is stolen and given new programming, he acquires the ability to feel and think for himself. While the robot, dubbed "Chappie (Sharlto Copley)," puzzles out human behavior, the authorities begin to see him as a danger to mankind and order; they will stop at nothing to ensure that Chappie is the last of his kind.
73,Elsa and Kristoff plan a special birthday celebration for Anna, but when Elsa catches a cold, her icy powers put more than just the party at risk.
80,With a wicked stepmother (Eleanor Audley) and two jealous stepsisters (Rhoda Williams, Lucille Bliss) who keep her enslaved and in rags, Cinderella (Ilene Woods) stands no chance of attending the royal ball. When her fairy godmother (Verna Felton) appears and magically transforms her reality into a dream come true, Cinderella enchants the handsome Prince Charming at the ball, but must face the wrath of her enraged stepmother and sisters when the spell wears off at midnight.
16,Rumpelstiltskin destroys a magic mirror to create a portal to Earth, taking for fairytale princesses along with him. The princesses use their martial and magical powers to battle the trickster and his army of thralls to save the planet.
58,Now on the run from Jeanine (Kate Winslet) and the rest of the power-hungry Erudites, Tris (Shailene Woodley) and Four (Theo James) search for allies and answers in the ruins of Chicago. They must find out what Tris' family sacrificed their lives to protect and why the Erudites will do anything to stop them. Side by side, Tris and Four face one seemingly insurmountable challenge after another, as they unravel the secrets of the past and -- ultimately -- the future of their world.
25,A rape victim (Kelcie Stranahan) races against time to learn the identity of a mysterious killer.
82,Filmmaker Liam McGrath profiles the Olympic boxer, an Irish Traveller who fought against racism in Ireland.
45,When obscenely rich hedge-fund manager James (Will Ferrell) is convicted of fraud and sentenced to a stretch in San Quentin, the judge gives him one month to get his affairs in order. Knowing that he won't survive more than a few minutes in prison on his own, James desperately turns to Darnell (Kevin Hart) -- a black businessman who's never even had a parking ticket -- for help. As Darnell puts James through the wringer, both learn that they were wrong about many things, including each other.
82,After defeating international terrorist Owen Shaw, Dominic Toretto (Vin Diesel), Brian O'Conner (Paul Walker) and the rest of the crew have separated to return to more normal lives. However, Deckard Shaw (Jason Statham), Owen's older brother, is thirsty for revenge. A slick government agent offers to help Dom and company take care of Shaw in exchange for their help in rescuing a kidnapped computer hacker who has developed a powerful surveillance program.
29,The intimate details of Jesus' life and the political conspiracy that preceded his death; how his message led to his persecution and execution by those who saw him as a threat.
71,Former bull-riding champion Luke (Scott Eastwood) and college student Sophia (Britt Robertson) are in love, but conflicting paths and ideals threaten to tear them apart: Luke hopes to make a comeback on the rodeo circuit, and Sophia is about to embark on her dream job in New York's art world. As the couple ponder their romantic future, they find inspiration in Ira (Alan Alda), an elderly man whose decades-long romance with his beloved wife withstood the test of time.
49,A former MI5 agent (Kit Harington) investigates the disappearance of Harry Pearce (Peter Firth) when the operative is blamed for the escape of a ruthless terrorist (Elyes Gabel).
33,Six years after he saved the day at his beloved New Jersey shopping mall, security guard Paul Blart (Kevin James) is taking a well-deserved vacation. In recognition for his hard work, he's won an all-expenses-paid trip to a security convention in Las Vegas, and decides to take his teenage daughter, Maya (Raini Rodriguez), with him. True to form, however, Paul just can't relax and take it easy, so when he uncovers a criminal threat to the hotel, he springs into action.
83,When Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) jump-starts a dormant peacekeeping program, things go terribly awry, forcing him, Thor (Chris Hemsworth), the Incredible Hulk (Mark Ruffalo) and the rest of the Avengers to reassemble. As the fate of Earth hangs in the balance, the team is put to the ultimate test as they battle Ultron, a technological terror hell-bent on human extinction. Along the way, they encounter two mysterious and powerful newcomers, Pietro and Wanda Maximoff.
72,As the human race deals with murders all over the world, a high-school student with a parasite living as his right hand discovers the truth.
53,A single mother (Taryn Manning) becomes Ariel Castro's (Raymond Cruz) first kidnapping victim, and finds herself trapped in his home with two other women for 11 years.
64,It's been three years since the Barden Bellas (Anna Kendrick, Rebel Wilson) became the first all-female group to win a national title. All seems well until a botched Lincoln Center performance for the president leads to a scandal that strips them of their performing duties, causing internal tension and strife. With the world championships on the horizon in Copenhagen, Denmark, the women must get their act together for their one and only shot at redemption.
86,Years after the collapse of civilization, the tyrannical Immortan Joe enslaves apocalypse survivors inside the desert fortress the Citadel. When the warrior Imperator Furiosa (Charlize Theron) leads the despot's five wives in a daring escape, she forges an alliance with Max Rockatansky (Tom Hardy), a loner and former captive. Fortified in the massive, armored truck the War Rig, they try to outrun the ruthless warlord and his henchmen in a deadly high-speed chase through the Wasteland.
79,Strange and creepy happenings beset an average California family, the Freelings -- Steve (Craig T. Nelson), Diane (JoBeth Williams), teenaged Dana (Dominique Dunne), eight-year-old Robbie (Oliver Robins), and five-year-old Carol Ann (Heather O'Rourke) -- when ghosts commune with them through the television set. Initially friendly and playful, the spirits turn unexpectedly menacing, and, when Carol Ann goes missing, Steve and Diane turn to a parapsychologist and eventually an exorcist for help.
52,A seemingly ideal day turns disastrous when California's notorious San Andreas fault triggers a devastating, magnitude 9 earthquake, the largest in recorded history. As the Earth cracks open and buildings start to crumble, Ray Gaines (Dwayne Johnson), an LAFD search-and-rescue helicopter pilot, must navigate the destruction from Los Angeles to San Francisco to bring his estranged wife (Carla Gugino) and their only daughter (Alexandra Daddario) to safety.
54,Filmmakers Jill Bauer and Ronna Gradus shed light on Florida's amateur porn industry through the experiences of five young women in the business.
57,While hanging with pals Eric (Kevin Connolly), Turtle (Jerry Ferrara) and Johnny Drama (Kevin Dillon), movie star Vince Chase (Adrian Grenier) gets a phone call from Ari Gold (Jeremy Piven), his former agent, who now runs a major studio. Ari offers Vince the leading role in his first production, but the actor insists on also directing the film. Things get out of hand when the $100 million flick goes over budget, leaving Ari, Vince and the boys at the mercy of the cutthroat world of Hollywood.
78,Located off the coast of Costa Rica, the Jurassic World luxury resort provides a habitat for an array of genetically engineered dinosaurs, including the vicious and intelligent Indominus rex. When the massive creature escapes, it sets off a chain reaction that causes the other dinos to run amok. Now, it's up to a former military man and animal expert (Chris Pratt) to use his special skills to save two young brothers and the rest of the tourists from an all-out, prehistoric assault.
36,A man (Steven Weber) suspects that the odd behavior of his new neighbor (Eriq La Salle) covers up a dark secret.
49,Evolving from single-celled yellow organisms at the dawn of time, Minions live to serve, but find themselves working for a continual series of unsuccessful masters, from T. Rex to Napoleon. Without a master to grovel for, the Minions fall into a deep depression. But one minion, Kevin, has a plan; accompanied by his pals Stuart and Bob, Kevin sets forth to find a new evil boss for his brethren to follow. Their search leads them to Scarlet Overkill, the world's first-ever super-villainess.
47,Young and shy Quentin (Nat Wolff) is in for the night of his life when Margo (Cara Delevingne), the most popular student in high school, recruits him to help her play mischievous pranks on the friends who betrayed her. The next day, however, the mysterious Margo is nowhere to be found. With help from a few buddies and some cryptic clues that she left behind, Quentin embarks on an obsessive mission to find the girl who stole his heart and made him feel truly alive.
52,When John Connor (Jason Clarke), leader of the human resistance against Skynet, sends Kyle Reese (Jai Courtney) back to 1984 to protect his mother, Sarah (Emilia Clarke), from a Terminator assassin, an unexpected turn of events creates an altered timeline. Instead of a scared waitress, Sarah is a skilled fighter and has a Terminator guardian (Arnold Schwarzenegger) by her side. Faced with unlikely allies and dangerous new enemies, Reese sets out on an unexpected new mission: reset the future.
50,Life has changed drastically for thunder buddies John (Mark Wahlberg), now a bachelor, and best pal Ted (Seth MacFarlane), now married to the woman (Jessica Barth) of his dreams. Problems arise when the couple decide to adopt a child, but the law declares Ted to be property and not a person. Angry and dejected, the lovably foulmouthed teddy bear must now seek legal help from a young lawyer (Amanda Seyfried) and a legendary, civil-rights attorney (Morgan Freeman) to get the justice he deserves.
55,It's been three years since Mike Lane's (Channing Tatum) retirement from stripping, but the former dancer misses the excitement and feeling of being on stage. Most of all, though, he misses the best friends that he ever had, the crew known as the Kings of Tampa. Opportunity comes knocking when the guys look him up as they travel to Myrtle Beach, S.C., for a stripper convention. With the promise of outrageous fun, a reinvigorated Mike can't resist the chance to join in and take it off again.
73,A Boston lawyer's wife (Jenny Agutter) teaches at a circa-1900 school for the deaf and blind, where she meets a doctor (Barry Newman).
54,After spending 500 years in an ice cage, the Monkey King is released by a child to save his village from monsters.
46,When aliens intercept video feeds of classic arcade games and misinterpret them as a declaration of war, they attack Earth, using the games as models. Knowing that he must employ a similar strategy, President Will Cooper (Kevin James) recruits his childhood pal, former video-game champ and home-theater installer Sam Brenner (Adam Sandler), to lead a team of old-school arcade players and a military specialist (Michelle Monaghan) in an all-out battle to save the planet.
59,The fate of the world hangs in the balance when a cleric (Peter Andersson) battles an ancient satanic force for a young woman's (Olivia Taylor Dudley) soul.
67,Ben, the teenaged son of King Beast and Queen Belle, invites the exiled children of defeated villains to attend a prep school with the heroes' children.
93,Several years after the end of the Shinobi War, Naruto's son Boruto is about to enter the Chûnin exams alongside Sarada Uchiha and the mysterious Mitsuki.
91,In 1988, a groundbreaking new group revolutionizes music and pop culture, changing and influencing hip-hop forever. N.W.A's first studio album, "Straight Outta Compton," stirs controversy with its brutally honest depiction of life in Southern Los Angeles. With guidance from veteran manager Jerry Heller, band members Ice Cube (O'Shea Jackson Jr.), Dr. Dre (Corey Hawkins), Eazy-E, DJ Yella and MC Ren navigate their way through the industry, acquiring fame, fortune and a place in history.
66,A college freshman (Lola Kirke) cures her disappointment and loneliness by allowing herself to be pulled into the wacky schemes of her future stepsister (Greta Gerwig).
40,Genetically engineered from conception to be the perfect killing machine, he's the culmination of decades of research, endowed with unprecedented strength, speed, stamina and intelligence. Known only as Agent 47 (Rupert Friend), his latest target is a corporation that plans to unlock the secret of his past to create an army of killers even more powerful than him. With help from a young woman, the elite assassin confronts revelations about his own origins in an epic battle with his deadliest foe.
41,The warden of a 2022 prison sends an ex-Marine (Ray Liotta) to a jungle island where inmates are left to die.
30,Frank Martin is living a less perilous lifestyle, or so he thinks, transporting classified packages for questionable people. Things get complicated when femme fatale Anna and her three accomplices orchestrate a bank heist and the kidnapping of Frank's father. It's all part of a grand plan to take down the human trafficker who victimized her years earlier. Now a pawn in her vengeful scheme, the former special-operations mercenary must use his covert skills to play Anna's dangerous game.
54,Transported to a remote fortified outpost, Thomas and his fellow teenage Gladers find themselves in trouble after uncovering a diabolical plot from the mysterious and powerful organization WCKD. With help from a new ally, the Gladers stage a daring escape into the Scorch, a desolate landscape filled with dangerous obstacles and crawling with the virus-infected Cranks. The Gladers only hope may be to find the Right Hand, a group of resistance fighters who can help them battle WCKD.
50,Pronounced dead by rescue workers after a car accident, Texas pastor Don Piper (Hayden Christensen) believes that he visited heaven before springing back to life 90 minutes later.
72,An FBI agent (Kyle MacLachlan) and a homicide detective (Michael Nouri) hunt the current human host of an orally exchanged alien life-form.
92,A teenager who is tired of living in poverty decides to resort to violence in becoming the best assassin.
63,Now that Dracula (Adam Sandler) has opened the Hotel Transylvania's doors to humans, things are changing for the better; however, Drac is secretly worried that his half-human grandson, Dennis, isn't showing his vampire side. So, while Mavis and Johnny are away, Drac enlists his friends to help him put the boy through a "monster-in-training" boot camp. But things really get batty when Drac's cantankerous, old-school dad (Mel Brooks) pays an unexpected visit.
73,Starting a new job can be a difficult challenge, especially if you're already retired. Looking to get back into the game, 70-year-old widower Ben Whittaker (Robert De Niro) seizes the opportunity to become a senior intern at an online fashion site. Ben soon becomes popular with his younger co-workers, including Jules Ostin (Anne Hathaway), the boss and founder of the company. Whittaker's charm, wisdom and sense of humor help him develop a special bond and growing friendship with Jules.
91,When astronauts blast off from the planet Mars, they leave behind Mark Watney (Matt Damon), presumed dead after a fierce storm. With only a meager amount of supplies, the stranded visitor must utilize his wits and spirit to find a way to survive on the hostile planet. Meanwhile, back on Earth, members of NASA and a team of international scientists work tirelessly to bring him home, while his crew mates hatch their own plan for a daring rescue mission.
47,In 19th-century London, corpses are reanimated to be used for manual labor. After being invited to join a secret society, a young medical student is given a mission to find the lost writings of Dr. Victor Frankenstein.
55,After marrying the charming and seductive Sir Thomas Sharpe, young Edith (Mia Wasikowska) finds herself swept away to his remote gothic mansion in the English hills. Also living there is Lady Lucille, Thomas' alluring sister and protector of her family's dark secrets. Able to communicate with the dead, Edith tries to decipher the mystery behind the ghostly visions that haunt her new home. As she comes closer to the truth, Edith may learn that true monsters are made of flesh and blood.
43,The modern world holds many secrets, the most astounding being that witches still live among us. Centuries ago, Kaulder (Vin Diesel) managed to slay the all-powerful Witch Queen, decimating her followers in the process. Before her death, she cursed the valiant warrior with her own immortality, separating him from his beloved wife and daughter in the afterlife. Her resurrection now threatens the survival of the human race as Kaulder, the only one of his kind remaining, faces her vengeful wrath.
48,What could possibly go wrong when three buddies (Tye Sheridan, Logan Miller, Joey Morgan) decide to join the Boy Scouts? When bloodthirsty, undead ghouls invade their once-peaceful town, it's up to kindhearted Ben, quick-witted Carter and class clown Augie to save the day. With help from Denise (Sarah Dumont), a beautiful but tough cocktail waitress, the boys must put their scouting skills to the ultimate test to save mankind and earn their zombie-killing badges.
50,An American (Alexandra Paul) tries to free his wife (Greg Evigan) and daughter (Briana Evigan) from the influence of evil spirits inhabiting their Irish mansion.
30,Top Cat and his new feline friend hatch a scheme to steal from the fearful Mr. Big.
76,Life always seems complicated for good ol' Charlie Brown (Noah Schnapp), the boy who always tries his best against seemingly impossible odds. When the Little Red-Haired Girl moves into his neighborhood, Charlie Brown develops a crush on her. Meanwhile, his best friend Snoopy embarks on an epic adventure in a fantasy world. As a World War I flying ace, the lovable beagle pursues his nemesis, the Red Baron, while also trying to win the heart of a beautiful poodle named Fifi (Kristin Chenoweth).
64,Luckily for young Arlo, his parents (Jeffrey Wright, Frances McDormand) and his two siblings, the mighty dinosaurs were not wiped out 65 million years ago. When a rainstorm washes poor Arlo (Raymond Ochoa) downriver, he ends up bruised, battered and miles away from home. Good fortune shines on the frightened dino when he meets Spot (Jack Bright), a Neanderthal boy who offers his help and friendship. Together, the unlikely duo embark on an epic adventure to reunite Arlo with his beloved family.
89,Adonis Johnson (Michael B. Jordan) never knew his famous father, boxing champion Apollo Creed, who died before Adonis was born. However, boxing is in his blood, so he seeks out Rocky Balboa (Sylvester Stallone) and asks the retired champ to be his trainer. Rocky sees much of Apollo in Adonis, and agrees to mentor him, even as he battles an opponent deadlier than any in the ring. With Rocky's help, Adonis soon gets a title shot, but whether he has the true heart of a fighter remains to be seen.
79,After a string of bizarre bank robberies in Southern California, with the crooks donning masks of various former presidents, a federal agent, Johnny Utah (Keanu Reeves), infiltrates the suspected gang. But this is no ordinary group of robbers. They're surfers -- led by the charismatic Bodhi (Patrick Swayze) -- who are addicted to the rush of thievery. But when Utah falls in love with a female surfer, Tyler (Lori Petty), who is close to the gang, it complicates his sense of duty.
44,A woman (Devin Kelley) who cleans crime scenes helps a detective (Aaron Ashmore) investigate a series of murders.
34,White Knife, an orphan raised by Native Americans, discovers that five outlaws are actually his half-brothers. Together, they set out to save their wayward father.
82,On Sept. 11, 2012, Islamic militants attack the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya, killing Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens and Sean Smith, an officer for the Foreign Service. Stationed less than one mile away are members (James Badge Dale, John Krasinski, Max Martini) of the Annex Security Team, former soldiers assigned to protect operatives and diplomats in the city. As the assault rages on, the six men engage the combatants in a fierce firefight to save the lives of the remaining Americans.
44,Uptight lawyer Jason Kelly (Zac Efron) is one week away from marrying his boss's controlling daughter, putting him on the fast track for a partnership at his firm. Tricked by his grandfather Dick (Robert De Niro), Jason finds himself driving the foulmouthed old man to Daytona Beach, Fla., for a wild spring break that includes frat parties, bar fights and an epic night of karaoke. While Jason worries about the upcoming wedding, Dick tries to show his grandson how to live life to the fullest.
78,Living large and loving life, Po (Jack Black) realizes that he has a lot to learn if he's going to fulfill the next challenge from his beloved instructor (Dustin Hoffman). After reuniting with his long-lost father (Bryan Cranston), Po must transition from student to teacher and train a group of fun-loving, clumsy pandas to become martial-arts fighters. Together, the kung-fu brethren unite to take on the evil Kai (J.K. Simmons), a supernatural warrior who becomes stronger with each battle.
19,In a spoof of "Fifty Shades of Grey," Hannah Steele interviews entrepreneur Christian Black (Marlon Wayans) for her roommate's school newspaper. The wealthy and eligible Black quickly learns how clumsy the young woman is. As flirtation leads to attraction, Christian invites Hannah to his home and introduces her to his kinky world of S&M. Despite their different backgrounds, the new couple consistently surprise each other with how far they're willing to go to make their relationship work.
45,In the 19th century, a mysterious plague turns the English countryside into a war zone. No one is safe as the dead come back to life to terrorize the land. Fate leads Elizabeth Bennet (Lily James), a master of martial arts and weaponry, to join forces with Mr. Darcy (Sam Riley), a handsome but arrogant gentleman. Elizabeth can't stand Darcy, but respects his skills as a zombie killer. Casting aside their personal differences, they unite on the blood-soaked battlefield to save their country.
90,Wade Wilson (Ryan Reynolds) is a former Special Forces operative who now works as a mercenary. His world comes crashing down when evil scientist Ajax (Ed Skrein) tortures, disfigures and transforms him into Deadpool. The rogue experiment leaves Deadpool with accelerated healing powers and a twisted sense of humor. With help from mutant allies Colossus and Negasonic Teenage Warhead (Brianna Hildebrand), Deadpool uses his new skills to hunt down the man who nearly destroyed his life.
92,From the largest elephant to the smallest shrew, the city of Zootopia is a mammal metropolis where various animals live and thrive. When Judy Hopps (Ginnifer Goodwin) becomes the first rabbit to join the police force, she quickly learns how tough it is to enforce the law. Determined to prove herself, Judy jumps at the opportunity to solve a mysterious case. Unfortunately, that means working with Nick Wilde (Jason Bateman), a wily fox who makes her job even harder.
51,A German couple lose their son in WWII, prompting them to become secretly anti-Nazi.
41,Bullets fly on the Atlanta freeway as armed thieves make their getaway following a bank robbery in broad daylight. Unhappy with the results, ruthless gangster Irina Vlaslov orders the men to pull off another job. One member of the team is Marcus Belmont (Anthony Mackie), a crooked cop who gets saddled with Chris Allen (Casey Affleck), his new but incorruptible police partner. As Belmont and his cohorts lay the groundwork for the heist, they come up with a devious plan to use Allen as their pawn.
37,The survival of mankind hangs in the balance when Set (Gerard Butler), the merciless god of darkness, usurps Egypt's throne and plunges the prosperous empire into chaos and conflict. Hoping to save the world and rescue his true love, a defiant mortal named Bek (Brenton Thwaites) forms an unlikely alliance with the powerful god Horus (Nikolaj Coster-Waldau). Their battle against Set and his henchmen takes them into the afterlife and across the heavens for an epic confrontation.
32,An epidemiologist (Tiffani Thiessen) and an FBI agent (Vincent Spano) try to stop a deadly virus that spreads from person to person in Los Angeles.
50,After the death of the British prime minister, the world's most powerful leaders gather in London to pay their respects. Without warning, terrorists unleash a devastating attack that leaves the city in chaos and ruins. Secret Service agent Mike Banning (Gerard Butler) springs into action to bring U.S. President Benjamin Asher (Aaron Eckhart) to safety. When Asher falls into the hands of the sinister organization, it's up to Banning to save his commander in chief from a horrible fate.
41,On the eve of his unit's deployment to Iraq, an officer (Seth Gabel) learns that one of his men plans to go AWOL to visit his sick child.
80,Anna Beam (Kylie Rogers) lives with a rare, incurable disorder that leaves her unable to digest food. Despite the dire diagnosis, devoted mom Christy (Jennifer Garner) relentlessly searches for a way to save her beloved daughter. Everything changes in an instant when Anna tells an amazing story of a visit to heaven after surviving a headlong tumble into a tree. Her family and doctors become even more baffled when the young girl begins to show signs of recovering from her fatal condition.
63,It's been nearly two years since Superman's (Henry Cavill) colossal battle with Zod (Michael Shannon) devastated the city of Metropolis. The loss of life and collateral damage left many feeling angry and helpless, including crime-fighting billionaire Bruce Wayne (Ben Affleck). Convinced that Superman is now a threat to humanity, Batman embarks on a personal vendetta to end his reign on Earth, while the conniving Lex Luthor (Jesse Eisenberg) launches his own crusade against the Man of Steel.
51,A strong-willed woman, frustrated by ongoing injustice at home, leaves the United States after meeting Jude, an American doctor who runs a remote medical mission within the Ottoman Empire -- a world both exotic and dangerous, and on the brink of what is about to become the first World War. There, she finds her loyalty tested to both Jude and the mission's founder when she falls in love with their perceived enemy, a lieutenant in the Ottoman Imperial Army.
66,To survive harsh economic times, Calvin and Angie have merged the barbershop and beauty salon into one business. The days of male bonding are gone as Eddie and the crew must now contend with sassy female co-workers and spirited clientele. As the battle of the sexes rages on, a different kind of conflict has taken over Chicago. Crime and gangs are on the rise, leaving Calvin worried about the fate of his son. Together, the friends come up with a bold plan to take back their beloved neighborhood.
73,A paraplegic computer engineer starts to hear noises and the voices of bank robbers in his basement.
89,Political pressure mounts to install a system of accountability when the actions of the Avengers lead to collateral damage. The new status quo deeply divides members of the team. Captain America (Chris Evans) believes superheroes should remain free to defend humanity without government interference. Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr.) sharply disagrees and supports oversight. As the debate escalates into an all-out feud, Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson) and Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner) must pick a side.
29,Corrupt cops working in the police department evidence room make plans to rob a vault full of drug money in the back of a convenience store.
44,Life is good for Mac Radner (Seth Rogen) and pregnant wife Kelly (Rose Byrne) until the unruly sisters of Kappa Nu move in next door. As the loud parties threaten the sale of their home, the couple turn to ex-neighbor and one-time enemy Teddy Sanders (Zac Efron) for help. Now united with the former college student, the trio devises schemes to get the wild sorority off the block. Unfortunately, the rebellious young women refuse to go down without a fight.
49,A mysterious outsider travels to Los Angeles to bring those responsible for his younger sister's disappearance to justice.
81,In 1977, paranormal investigators Ed (Patrick Wilson) and Lorraine Warren come out of a self-imposed sabbatical to travel to Enfield, a borough in north London. There, they meet Peggy Hodgson, an overwhelmed single mother of four who tells the couple that something evil is in her home. Ed and Lorraine believe her story when the youngest daughter starts to show signs of demonic possession. As the Warrens try to help the besieged girl, they become the next targets of the malicious spirit.
76,Looking to escape from his dying world, the orc shaman Gul'dan utilizes dark magic to open a portal to the human realm of Azeroth. Supported by the fierce fighter Blackhand, Gul'dan organizes the orc clans into a conquering army called the Horde. Uniting to protect Azeroth from these hulking invaders are King Llane, the mighty warrior Anduin Lothar (Travis Fimmel) and the powerful wizard Medivh. As the two races collide, leaders from each side start to question if war is the only answer.
73,Young and quirky Louisa "Lou" Clark (Emilia Clarke) moves from one job to the next to help her family make ends meet. Her cheerful attitude is put to the test when she becomes a caregiver for Will Traynor (Sam Claflin), a wealthy young banker left paralyzed from an accident two years earlier. Will's cynical outlook starts to change when Louisa shows him that life is worth living. As their bond deepens, their lives and hearts change in ways neither one could have imagined.
57,Case Walker (Michael Jai White), a former MMA champion, begins to stage a comeback and make another run at the title, pitting his old school skills against fighters from the new breed.
62,Bullied as a teen for being overweight, Bob Stone (Dwayne Johnson) shows up to his high school reunion looking fit and muscular. While there, he finds Calvin Joyner (Kevin Hart), a fast-talking accountant who misses his glory days as a popular athlete. Stone is now a lethal CIA agent who needs Calvin's number skills to help him save the compromised U.S. spy satellite system. Together, the former classmates encounter shootouts, espionage and double-crosses while trying to prevent worldwide chaos.
48,As a young woman, Sen. Charlie Roan survived the annual night of lawlessness that took the lives of her family members. As a presidential candidate, Roan is determined to end the yearly tradition of blood lust once and for all. When her opponents hatch a deadly scheme, the senator finds herself trapped on the streets of Washington, D.C., just as the latest Purge gets underway. Now, it's up to Leo Barnes (Frank Grillo), her head of security, to keep her alive during the next 12 hours of mayhem.
50,Life is good for all the food items that occupy the shelves at the local supermarket. Frank (Seth Rogen) the sausage, Brenda (Kristen Wiig) the hot dog bun, Teresa Taco and Sammy Bagel Jr. (Edward Norton) can't wait to go home with a happy customer. Soon, their world comes crashing down as poor Frank learns the horrifying truth that he will eventually become a meal. After warning his pals about their similar fate, the panicked perishables devise a plan to escape from their human enemies.
88,After the members of a team of scientists (Harold Ramis, Dan Aykroyd, Bill Murray) lose their cushy positions at a university in New York City, they decide to become "ghostbusters" to wage a high-tech battle with the supernatural for money. They stumble upon a gateway to another dimension, a doorway that will release evil upon the city. The Ghostbusters must now save New York from complete destruction.
89,A man (Gong Yoo), his estranged daughter and other passengers become trapped on a speeding train during a zombie outbreak in South Korea.
83,The Straw Hat Pirates take on Gild Tesoro, one of the richest and most ambitious men in the world.
55,It's been 10 years since Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) walked away from the agency that trained him to become a deadly weapon. Hoping to draw him out of the shadows, CIA director Robert Dewey assigns hacker and counterinsurgency expert Heather Lee to find him. Lee suspects that former operative Nicky Parsons is also looking for him. As she begins tracking the duo, Bourne finds himself back in action battling a sinister network that utilizes terror and technology to maintain unchecked power.
50,A rescue-patrol leader (Norman Foster) and his men brave daily disasters in a major city.
32,When a prince (Jack Turner) who is heir to the throne lands in hot water for his partying ways, a PR consultant is hired by the royal family to perform some damage control.
88,Toby is a divorced father who's trying to make a better life for his son. His brother Tanner is an ex-convict with a short temper and a loose trigger finger. Together, they plan a series of heists against the bank that's about to foreclose on their family ranch. Standing in their way is Marcus, a Texas Ranger who's only weeks away from retirement. As the siblings plot their final robbery, they must also prepare for a showdown with a crafty lawman who's not ready to ride off into the sunset.
86,Young Kubo's (Art Parkinson) peaceful existence comes crashing down when he accidentally summons a vengeful spirit from the past. Now on the run, Kubo joins forces with Monkey (Charlize Theron) and Beetle (Matthew McConaughey) to unlock a secret legacy. Armed with a magical instrument, Kubo must battle the Moon King (Ralph Fiennes) and other gods and monsters to save his family and solve the mystery of his fallen father, the greatest samurai warrior the world has ever known.
86,In Stalinist Poland, cabaret singer Tonia (Krystyna Janda) decides to spend the evening drinking with a group of friends. The next morning, she awakes to find that, for reasons unknown to her, she has been jailed as a political prisoner. As prison officials interrogate, torture and humiliate her, she fights for survival and to maintain her innocence by refusing to sign a false confession. As her years of imprisonment pass, her relationship with her captors grows more complicated.
76,Volatile artist Morgan Delt (David Warner) returns to London after having been institutionalized, hoping to reconcile with his wife, Leonie (Vanessa Redgrave). When he learns she is leaving him for art dealer Charles Napier (Robert Stephens), Morgan is determined to win her back. While stalking Leonie, Morgan becomes obsessed with Marxism and gorillas. In his new monkey costume, the artist begins a campaign of harassment against Leonie and Charles.
72,After his release from prison, bank robber Zequi sets off to recover the stolen money that was buried by his dizzy accomplice. He's horrified to learn that a high school gymnasium is now standing over the site where the loot is stashed. Needing to infiltrate the building, Zequi lands a job as a substitute teacher for a group of wild and unruly students. As the ex-con tries to lay down the law, he starts to realize that life in jail may have been easier than trying to deal with rebellious teens.
84,On Jan. 15, 2009, Capt. Chesley "Sully" Sullenberger (Tom Hanks) tries to make an emergency landing in New York's Hudson River after US Airways Flight 1549 strikes a flock of geese. Miraculously, all of the 155 passengers and crew survive the harrowing ordeal, and Sullenberger becomes a national hero in the eyes of the public and the media. Despite the accolades, the famed pilot now faces an investigation that threatens to destroy his career and reputation.
82,The true story of how Ray Kroc (Michael Keaton), a struggling salesman from Illinois, met Mac (John Carroll Lynch) and Dick McDonald (Nick Offerman), who were running a burger operation in 1950s Southern California. Kroc was impressed by the brothers' speedy system of making the food and saw franchise potential. Kroc soon maneuvers himself into a position to be able to pull the company from the brothers and create a multi-billion dollar empire.
71,Looking to mine for gold, greedy industrialist Bartholomew Bogue seizes control of the Old West town of Rose Creek. With their lives in jeopardy, Emma Cullen and other desperate residents turn to bounty hunter Sam Chisolm (Denzel Washington) for help. Chisolm recruits an eclectic group of gunslingers to take on Bogue and his ruthless henchmen. With a deadly showdown on the horizon, the seven mercenaries soon find themselves fighting for more than just money once the bullets start to fly.
62,Storks deliver babies -- or at least they used to. Now, they deliver packages for a global internet retail giant. Junior (Andy Samberg), the company's top delivery stork, lands in hot water when the Baby Factory produces an adorable but wholly unauthorized girl. Desperate to deliver this bundle of trouble, Junior and his friend Tulip (Katie Crown), the only human on Stork Mountain, race against time to make their first baby drop before the boss (Kelsey Grammer) finds out.
62,Members of an international task force seek justice against the leader of an Asian drug cartel and his murderous henchmen.
91,The true story of Pfc. Desmond T. Doss (Andrew Garfield), who won the Congressional Medal of Honor despite refusing to bear arms during WWII on religious grounds. Doss was drafted and ostracized by fellow soldiers for his pacifist stance but went on to earn respect and adoration for his bravery, selflessness and compassion after he risked his life -- without firing a shot -- to save 75 men in the Battle of Okinawa.
67,After the Bergens invade Troll Village, Poppy (Anna Kendrick), the happiest Troll ever born, and the overly-cautious, curmudgeonly Branch (Justin Timberlake) set off on a journey to rescue her friends. Their mission is full of adventure and mishaps, as this mismatched duo try to tolerate each other long enough to get the job done.
42,Investigator Jack Reacher (Tom Cruise) springs into action after the arrest of Susan Turner (Cobie Smulders), an Army major accused of treason. Suspecting foul play, Jack embarks on a mission to prove that the head of his old unit is innocent. After crossing paths with the law, Reacher must now go on the lam to uncover the truth behind a major government conspiracy that involves the death of U.S. soldiers.
75,Three years after divorcing Jackie (Susan Sarandon), the mother of his children, Luke Harrison (Ed Harris) decides to take the next step with his significantly younger girlfriend, fashion photographer Isabel Kelly (Julia Roberts). But, when the flaky Kelly meets Harrison's children for the first time, their fierce allegiance to their mother is obvious. Try as she might, Kelly fails to endear herself to her young charges -- and to Jackie -- until a looming family crisis changes everything.
73,A successful Los Angeles art-gallery owner's idyllic life is marred by the constant traveling of her handsome second husband. While he is away, she is shaken by the arrival of a manuscript written by her first husband, who she has not seen in years. The manuscript tells the story of a teacher who finds a trip with his family turning into a nightmare. As Susan reads the book, it forces her to examine her past and confront some dark truths.
41,Carrie dedicates her life to growing the company founded by her father, while her sister pursues her own passions. When it's discovered that ownership of the company will pass to whichever sister marries first, Carrie races to find a spouse by Christmas. After a series of wacky plans, she finds love in Dylan, the lawyer who should be her enemy. But with Christmas approaching and the business at stake, will Carrie elope in time or will all of her hard-earned holiday work be for nothing?
51,An over-achieving woman who has a thing for bowlers decides she needs to meet and marry the man of her dreams before her 30th birthday, which is just one month away.
79,The year is 1926, and Newt Scamander (Eddie Redmayne) has just completed a global excursion to find and document an extraordinary array of magical creatures. Arriving in New York for a brief stopover, he might have come and gone without incident, were it not for a No-Maj (American for Muggle) named Jacob, a misplaced magical case, and the escape of some of Newt's fantastic beasts, which could spell trouble for both the wizarding and No-Maj worlds.
83,Everyone knows that growing up is hard, and life is no easier for high school junior Nadine (Hailee Steinfeld), who is already at peak awkwardness when her all-star older brother Darian (Blake Jenner) starts dating her best friend Krista (Haley Lu Richardson). All at once, Nadine feels more alone than ever, until an unexpected friendship with a thoughtful teen (Hayden Szeto) gives her a glimmer of hope that things just might not be so terrible after all.
89,A Brooklyn high-school teacher (Lorraine Bracco) assigns a bad boy (Peter Dobson) and a good girl (Jessica Steen) to put on a talent show.
35,A college student drops out to use her talents as a dancer in the community. She rents a failing theater to put on a hip-hop production of "Romeo and Juliet," but arguments between the cast members threaten to ruin the entire project.
40,Rupert (Ash Stymest) tries to rescue Virginie (Hafsia Herzi), a London-based French escort, from her work as a high-class call girl.
93,Three brilliant African American women at NASA -- Katherine Johnson, Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson -- serve as the brains behind one of the greatest operations in history: the launch of astronaut John Glenn into orbit, a stunning achievement that restored the nation's confidence, turned around the Space Race and galvanized the world.
86,Former scientist Galen Erso lives on a farm with his wife and young daughter, Jyn. His peaceful existence comes crashing down when the evil Orson Krennic takes him away from his beloved family. Many years later, Galen becomes the Empire's lead engineer for the most powerful weapon in the galaxy, the Death Star. Knowing that her father holds the key to its destruction, Jyn joins forces with a spy and other resistance fighters to steal the space station's plans for the Rebel Alliance.
42,It's the Roaring `20s and Prohibition hasn't stopped the flow of booze in an underground network of gangster-run speakeasies. The opportunity to gain power and money is there for any man with enough ambition and nerve, and Joe Coughlin, the son of the Boston Police superintendent, long ago turned his back on his strict upbringing for the spoils of being an outlaw. But even among criminals there are rules, and Joe breaks a big one: crossing a powerful mob boss by stealing his money and his moll.
74,In 1979 Santa Barbara, Calif., Dorothea Fields is a determined single mother in her mid-50s who is raising her adolescent son, Jamie, at a moment brimming with cultural change and rebellion. Dorothea enlists the help of two younger women -- Abbie, a free-spirited punk artist living as a boarder in the Fields' home and Julie, a savvy and provocative teenage neighbor -- to help with Jamie's upbringing.
37,After coming out of self-imposed exile, daredevil operative Xander Cage (Vin Diesel) must race against time to recover a sinister weapon known as Pandora's Box, a device that controls every military satellite in the world. Recruiting a new group of thrill-seeking cohorts, Xander finds himself entangled in a deadly conspiracy that points to collusion at the highest levels of government.
45,Jon Baker and Frank "Ponch" Poncherello have just joined the California Highway Patrol in Los Angeles, but for very different reasons. Baker is a former motorbike rider who's trying to put his life and marriage back together. Poncherello is a cocky, undercover FBI agent who's investigating a multimillion dollar heist that may be an inside job. Forced to work together, the inexperienced rookie and hardened veteran begin clashing instead of clicking while trying to nab the bad guys.
64,Ellen is an unruly 20-year-old anorexic girl who spent the better part of her teenage years being shepherded through various recovery programs, only to find herself several pounds lighter every time. Determined to find a solution, her dysfunctional family agrees to send her to a group home for youths, which is led by a non-traditional doctor. Surprised by the unusual rules, Ellen must discover for herself how to confront her addiction and attempt self-acceptance.
54,Gardner Elliot, the first human born on Mars, begins an online friendship with Tulsa, a teen in Colorado. On his maiden voyage to Earth, the 16-year-old finally gets to experience all the joys and wonders of a world he could only read about. Problems arise when scientists discover that Gardner's organs can't withstand the atmosphere. United with Tulsa and on the run, the interplanetary visitor races against time to unravel the mysteries of how he came to be, and where he belongs in the universe.
48,When a wounded Christian Grey tries to entice a cautious Anastasia Steele back into his life, she demands a new arrangement before she will give him another chance. As the two begin to build trust and find stability, shadowy figures from Christian's past start to circle them, determined to destroy their hopes for a future together.
24,A team of former Soviet superheroes, assembled during the Cold War to combat a dangerous scientist, is dispatched against destructive robots.
67,Susannah Cahalan, an up-and-coming journalist at the New York Post becomes plagued by voices in her head and seizures. As weeks progress and Susannah quickly moves deeper into insanity, her behaviors shift from violence to catatonia. After a series of tantrums, misdiagnoses, and a lengthy hospital stay, a doctor's last-minute intervention enables him to give her a diagnosis and a chance to rebuild her life.
11,A woman (Sarah Butler) comes to regret her adulterous affair with a handsome contractor (Marcus Rosner) when he reveals his dark side.
77,After suffering a family tragedy, Mack Phillips spirals into a deep depression that causes him to question his innermost beliefs. Facing a crisis of faith, he receives a mysterious letter urging him to an abandoned shack in the Oregon wilderness. Despite his doubts, Mack journeys to the shack and encounters an enigmatic trio of strangers led by a woman named Papa. Through this meeting, Mack finds important truths that will transform his understanding of his tragedy and change his life forever.
69,Scientists, soldiers and adventurers unite to explore a mythical, uncharted island in the Pacific Ocean. Cut off from everything they know, they venture into the domain of the mighty Kong, igniting the ultimate battle between man and nature. As their mission of discovery soon becomes one of survival, they must fight to escape from a primal world where humanity does not belong.
71,Rapunzel (Mandy Moore) must learn to embrace her long golden hair after mystical rocks cause her locks to magically grow back.
57,At the dawn of the 20th century, British explorer Percy Fawcett journeys into the Amazon, where he discovers evidence of a previously unknown, advanced civilization that may have once inhabited the region. Despite being ridiculed by the scientific establishment, which views indigenous populations as savages, the determined Fawcett, supported by his devoted wife, son, and aide-de-camp, returns to his beloved jungle in an attempt to prove his case.
28,The filmmakers delve into society's ongoing stigmas of race, misogyny, and the reality of decreasing opportunities for former VHS box cover stars. For some, their careers in adult entertainment are accepted proudly and without regret. In fact, it seems to have proven to be the pathway to their current happiness and inner peace. For others, however, a career in porn has proven to be a conduit to certain despair as they struggle to find a way to emerge with new careers.
72,The young super groups get a new member who seems to have ulterior motives as they take on the mercenary Deathstroke.
33,This documentary features scenes of various presidential candidates -- Bill Clinton, Jerry Brown, Ross Perot and Pat Buchanan, among others -- attending the 1992 New Hampshire primary. Although there is plenty of footage of candidates glad-handing voters and kissing babies, the meat of the film is satellite footage of candidates, and then-President George H.W. Bush, preparing for TV interviews before the cameras go public and saying various obscene, funny or inappropriate things.
78,In 1980, Lee Strobel's (Mike Vogel) award-winning, investigative reporting earns him a promotion to legal editor at the Chicago Tribune. Things at home aren't going nearly as well. His wife Leslie's (Erika Christensen) newfound faith in Christ compels Lee to utilize his journalistic and legal training to try and disprove the claims of Christianity, pitting his resolute atheism against her growing faith.
72,With Dom and Letty married, Brian and Mia retired and the rest of the crew exonerated, the globe-trotting team has found some semblance of a normal life. They soon face an unexpected challenge when a mysterious woman named Cipher forces Dom to betray them all. Now, they must unite to bring home the man who made them a family and stop Cipher from unleashing chaos.
39,Sandy Wexler (Adam Sandler) is a talent manager working in Los Angeles in the 1990s who diligently represents a group of eccentric clients on the fringes of show business. His single-minded devotion is put to the test when he falls in love with his newest client, Courtney Clarke (Jennifer Hudson), a tremendously talented singer whom he discovers at an amusement park.
66,A passionate young couple, unexpectedly separated by a shocking loss, discover an eternal connection and a love that is infinite.
53,Max, a military service dog, is assigned to serve on the U.S. president's Secret Service detail.
78,Natsu and his friends travel to the island kingdom of Stella to find dark secrets, fight new enemies and save the world from destruction.
55,Bound for a remote planet on the far side of the galaxy, members (Katherine Waterston, Billy Crudup) of the colony ship Covenant discover what they think to be an uncharted paradise. While there, they meet David (Michael Fassbender), the synthetic survivor of the doomed Prometheus expedition. The mysterious world soon turns dark and dangerous when a hostile alien life-form forces the crew into a deadly fight for survival.
45,An old nemesis threatens Mitch's (David Hasselhoff) wedding day as his friends and fellow lifeguards reunite.
88,A teenage boy adjusting to life in a new town combats the disapproval and scorn of his uncle, his classmates and his neighbors when he joins his school's floundering wrestling team, only to become the squad's star member.
64,When some students become trapped inside a mysterious cave, they discover that time passes differently underground than on the surface.
61,Thrust into an all-new adventure, a down-on-his-luck Capt. Jack Sparrow feels the winds of ill-fortune blowing even more strongly when deadly ghost sailors led by his old nemesis, the evil Capt. Salazar, escape from the Devil's Triangle. Jack's only hope of survival lies in seeking out the legendary Trident of Poseidon, but to find it, he must forge an uneasy alliance with a brilliant and beautiful astronomer and a headstrong young man in the British navy.
46,Soldiers battle hordes of zombies while trying to prevent a madman from unleashing a deadly virus in New York.
61,George Beard and Harold Hutchins are two overly imaginative pranksters who spend hours in a treehouse creating comic books. When their mean principal threatens to separate them into different classes, the mischievous boys accidentally hypnotize him into thinking that he's a ridiculously enthusiastic, incredibly dimwitted superhero named Captain Underpants.
66,Honed from childhood to be an elite assassin, Sook-hee embarks on a rampage of violence and revenge to finally earn her freedom and escape her past.
69,Blindsided by a new generation of blazing-fast cars, the legendary Lighting McQueen finds himself pushed out of the sport that he loves. Hoping to get back in the game, he turns to Cruz Ramirez, an eager young technician who has her own plans for winning. With inspiration from the Fabulous Hudson Hornet and a few unexpected turns, No. 95 prepares to compete on Piston Cup Racing's biggest stage.
43,Humans are at war with the Transformers, and Optimus Prime is gone. The key to saving the future lies buried in the secrets of the past and the hidden history of Transformers on Earth. Now, it's up to the unlikely alliance of inventor Cade Yeager, Bumblebee, an English lord and an Oxford professor to save the world.
72,During her summer vacation on the Atlantic coast, 13-year-old Ava learns that she is going to lose her vision. Her mother reacts to the news by ignoring it, but Ava approaches the problem on her own terms.
89,The well-known explorer and hunter Captain Spaulding has just returned from Africa, and is being welcomed home with a lavish party at the estate of influential society matron Mrs. Rittenhouse (Margaret Dumont) when a valuable painting goes missing. The intrepid Captain Spaulding attempts to solve the crime with the help of his silly secretary Horatio Jamison, while sparring with the anarchic Signor Emanuel Ravelli and his nutty sidekick The Professor.
86,Talented getaway driver Baby (Ansel Elgort) relies on the beat of his personal soundtrack to be the best in the game. After meeting the woman (Lily James) of his dreams, he sees a chance to ditch his shady lifestyle and make a clean break. Coerced into working for a crime boss (Kevin Spacey), Baby must face the music as a doomed heist threatens his life, love and freedom.
50,Drago, a magnificent dragon, bonds with King Gareth. When the king dies, his potential heirs, twin grandchildren who possess the dragon's unique strengths, use their inherited powers against each other to vie for the throne. When Drago's source of power - known as the Heartfire - is stolen, more than the throne is at stake, and the siblings must end their rivalry with swords and sorcery, or the kingdom may fall.
84,Caesar (Andy Serkis) and his apes are forced into a deadly conflict with an army of humans led by a ruthless colonel (Woody Harrelson). After the apes suffer unimaginable losses, Caesar wrestles with his darker instincts and begins his own mythic quest to avenge his kind. As the journey finally brings them face to face, Caesar and the colonel are pitted against each other in an epic battle that will determine the fate of both of their species and the future of the planet.
71,A college student is attacked by a ghoul, a being that feeds on human flesh. He later receives an organ transplant from the ghoul, becoming part monster himself.
70,When the pressure to be royally perfect gets to be too much for Mal, she returns to the Isle of the Lost. She discovers that Uma, the daughter of Ursula, has taken over as queen, and that her gang is finalizing plans to bring down the barrier.
37,Hidden inside a smartphone, the bustling city of Textopolis is home to all emojis. Each emoji has only one facial expression, except for Gene, an exuberant emoji with multiple expressions. Determined to become "normal" like the other emojis, Gene enlists the help of his best friend Hi-5 and a notorious code breaker called Jailbreak. During their travels through the other apps, the three emojis discover a great danger that could threaten their phone's very existence.
67,Former toy maker Sam Mullins and his wife, Esther, are happy to welcome a nun and six orphaned girls into their California farmhouse. Years earlier, the couple's 7-year-old daughter Annabelle died in a tragic car accident. Terror soon strikes when one child sneaks into a forbidden room and finds a seemingly innocent doll that appears to have a life of its own.
48,Mary Wollstonecraft's family disapproves when she and poet Percy Shelley announce their love for each other. The family is horrified when it finds that the couple has eloped, accompanied by Mary's half-sister, Claire. While staying in the home of Lord Byron at Lake Geneva, the guests are challenged to write a ghost story, which leads Mary to conceive her novel "Frankenstein."
31,Gina is a beautiful young woman who's still haunted by the accident that took her sight years earlier. Living in Bangkok with her husband, James, she undergoes a cutting-edge operation that restores the vision to her right eye. Now that Gina can see again, she slowly starts to realize that her newfound independence makes James feel jealous, threatened and insecure.
51,Batman and Nightwing join forces with Harley Quinn to stop a global threat brought about by Poison Ivy and the Plant Master.
86,It's the summer of 1983, and precocious 17-year-old Elio Perlman is spending the days with his family at their 17th-century villa in Lombardy, Italy. He soon meets Oliver, a handsome doctoral student who's working as an intern for Elio's father. Amid the sun-drenched splendor of their surroundings, Elio and Oliver discover the heady beauty of awakening desire over the course of a summer that will alter their lives forever.
68,The pastor of a small church in upstate New York spirals out of control after a soul-shaking encounter with an unstable environmental activist and his pregnant wife.
79,A teenager (Saoirse Ronan) navigates a loving but turbulent relationship with her strong-willed mother (Laurie Metcalf) over the course of an eventful and poignant senior year of high school.
55,A serial killer is released from an asylum so he can continue his rampage.
64,With their headquarters destroyed and the world held hostage, members of Kingsman find new allies when they discover a spy organization in the United States known as Statesman. In an adventure that tests their strength and wits, the elite secret agents from both sides of the pond band together to battle a ruthless enemy and save the day, something that's becoming a bit of a habit for Eggsy.
31,A sergeant and his task force embark on a mission to destroy the Creeper on its last day of feeding. The Creeper soon fights back when they get close to discovering its mysterious and dark origins.
40,Monks at a California monastery are divided over the possible occurrence of a miracle within their own walls.
81,Officer K (Ryan Gosling), a new blade runner for the Los Angeles Police Department, unearths a long-buried secret that has the potential to plunge what's left of society into chaos. His discovery leads him on a quest to find Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford), a former blade runner who's been missing for 30 years.
14,In search of a place to party, teenagers are trapped in an abandoned house on Halloween night and are terrorized by a witch who won't be satisfied until they are all dead.
35,After an unprecedented series of natural disasters threatened the planet, the world's leaders came together to create an intricate network of satellites to control the global climate and keep everyone safe. But now, something has gone wrong: the system built to protect Earth is attacking it, and it becomes a race against the clock to uncover the real threat before a worldwide geostorm wipes out everything and everyone along with it.
56,On the edge of the Antarctic Circle, a ship approaches a desolate island, far from all shipping lanes. On board is a young man who is on his way to assume the post of weather observer and live in solitude at the end of the earth. He finds no trace of the man he has been sent to replace, just a deranged castaway who has witnessed a horror he refuses to name. For the next twelve months, his entire world will consist of a deserted cabin, trees, rocks, silence and the surrounding sea.
49,Chucky returns to terrorize his human victim, Nica, who is confined to an asylum for the criminally insane. Meanwhile, the killer doll has some scores to settle with his old enemies, with the help of his former wife.
88,Born with facial differences that, up until now, have prevented him from going to a mainstream school, Auggie Pullman becomes the most unlikely of heroes when he enters the local fifth grade. As his family, his new classmates, and the larger community all struggle to discover their compassion and acceptance, Auggie's extraordinary journey will unite them and prove you can't blend in when you were born to stand out.
47,Christmas comes early for an aspiring young journalist when she's sent abroad to get the scoop on a dashing prince who's poised to be king.
53,A frustrated, angst-ridden teenage girl awakens something in the woods when she naively performs an occult ritual to evoke a witch to kill her mother.
30,Three career criminals find themselves trapped in a warehouse with the law closing in and an even worse threat waiting inside.
51,Ferdinand is a young bull who escapes from a training camp in rural Spain after his father never returns from a showdown with a matador. Adopted by a girl who lives on a farm, Ferdinand's peaceful existence comes crashing down when the authorities return him to his former captors. With help from a wisecracking goat and three hedgehogs, the giant but gentle bovine must find a way to break free before he squares off against El Primero, the famous bullfighter who never loses.
42,Luke Skywalker's peaceful and solitary existence gets upended when he encounters Rey, a young woman who shows strong signs of the Force. Her desire to learn the ways of the Jedi forces Luke to make a decision that changes their lives forever. Meanwhile, Kylo Ren and General Hux lead the First Order in an all-out assault against Leia and the Resistance for supremacy of the galaxy.
22,Hong Kong police inspector Lin Dong learns that a biochemical invention has been surgically implanted into his missing daughter. With help from a hacker, Lin tries to connect the dots between the device, a sinister army and a strange phenomenon.
43,After the highs of winning the world championships, the Bellas find themselves split apart and discovering there aren't job prospects for making music with your mouth. But when they get the chance to reunite for an overseas USO tour, this group of awesome nerds will come together to make some music, and some questionable decisions, one last time.
83,In an alternate present day, humans, orcs, elves and fairies have been coexisting since the beginning of time. Two police officers, one a human, the other an orc, embark on a routine night patrol that will alter the future of their world as they know it. Battling both their own personal differences as well as an onslaught of enemies, they must work together to protect a young female elf and a thought-to-be-forgotten relic, which, in the wrong hands, could destroy everything.
95,In 1987 Korean citizens fight for truth and justice after the interrogation and death of a student.
9,A small group of military personnel and some survivalists dwell in an underground bunker as they seek to find a cure in a world overrun by zombies.
50,Brilliant parapsychologist Elise Rainier receives a disturbing phone call from a man who claims that his house is haunted. Even more disturbing is the address -- 413 Apple Tree Lane in Five Keys, N.M. -- the home where Elise grew up as a child. Accompanied by her two investigative partners, Rainier travels to Five Keys to confront and destroy her greatest fear -- the demon that she accidentally set free years earlier.
58,Thomas leads some escaped Gladers on their final and most dangerous mission yet. To save their friends, they must break into the legendary Last City, a WCKD-controlled labyrinth that may turn out to be the deadliest maze of all. Anyone who makes it out alive will get answers to the questions that the Gladers have been asking since they arrived in the maze.
37,Believing they've left behind the shadowy figures from the past, billionaire Christian Grey and his new wife, Anastasia, fully embrace their inextricable connection and shared life of luxury. Just as the Greys begin to step into their new roles, sinister events come to light and jeopardize their happy ending before it even begins.
62,Nick O'Brien is the hard-drinking leader of the Regulators, an elite unit of the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department. Ray Merrimen is the recently paroled leader of the Outlaws, a gang of ex-military men who use their expertise and tactical skills to evade the law. O'Brien, Merrimen and their crews soon find themselves on a direct collision course as the criminals hatch an elaborate plan for a seemingly impossible heist -- the city's Federal Reserve Bank.
81,Shortly after moving to Florida, longtime prostitute Aileen Wuornos (Charlize Theron) meets young and reserved Selby Wall (Christina Ricci) and a romance blossoms. When a john (Lee Tergesen) attempts to brutalize Aileen, she kills him and resolves to give up prostitution. But supporting herself and her new girlfriend through legitimate means proves extremely difficult, and she soon falls back on old ways. More johns die, and Selby can't help but think her new friend is responsible.
79,Liam Page is a country music superstar who left his bride Josie at the altar to pursue fame and fortune. Page never got over Josie, his one true love, or forgot his Southern roots in the small community where he was born and raised. Now, he must unexpectedly face the consequences of his actions when he returns to his hometown for the funeral of his best friend from high school.
42,A crew aboard a space station finds itself alone after a scientific experiment causes the Earth to disappear. When a space shuttle appears, the space station's crew must determine if it is carrying friends or foes.
66,Lena, a biologist and former soldier, joins a mission to uncover what happened to her husband inside Area X -- a sinister and mysterious phenomenon that is expanding across the American coastline. Once inside, the expedition discovers a world of mutated landscapes and creatures, as dangerous as it is beautiful, that threatens both their lives and their sanity.
49,Prima ballerina Dominika Egorova faces a bleak and uncertain future after she suffers an injury that ends her career. She soon turns to Sparrow School, a secret intelligence service that trains exceptional young people to use their minds and bodies as weapons. Egorova emerges as the most dangerous Sparrow after completing the sadistic training process. As she comes to terms with her new abilities, Dominika meets a CIA agent who tries to convince her that he is the only person she can trust.
64,The Armed Detective Agency investigates a bizarre series of suicides involving an eery mist.
40,The three friends reach their goal of leaving the Dominican Republic.
38,Jake Pentecost is a once-promising Jaeger pilot whose legendary father gave his life to secure humanity's victory against the monstrous Kaiju. Jake has since abandoned his training only to become caught up in a criminal underworld. But when an even more unstoppable threat is unleashed to tear through cities and bring the world to its knees, Jake is given one last chance by his estranged sister, Mako Mori, to live up to his father's legacy.
77,In 2045, the planet is on the brink of chaos and collapse, but people find salvation in the OASIS, an expansive virtual reality universe created by James Halliday. When Halliday dies, he promises his immense fortune to the first person to discover a digital Easter egg that's hidden somewhere in the OASIS. When young Wade Watts joins the contest, he finds himself becoming an unlikely hero in a reality-bending treasure hunt through a fantastical world of mystery, discovery and danger.
83,If they hear you, they hunt you. A family must live in silence to avoid mysterious creatures that hunt by sound. Knowing that even the slightest whisper or footstep can bring death, Evelyn and Lee are determined to find a way to protect their children while desperately searching for a way to fight back.
91,Iron Man, Thor, the Hulk and the rest of the Avengers unite to battle their most powerful enemy yet -- the evil Thanos. On a mission to collect all six Infinity Stones, Thanos plans to use the artifacts to inflict his twisted will on reality. The fate of the planet and existence itself has never been more uncertain as everything the Avengers have fought for has led up to this moment.
73,Although they were initially brought together by their shared love of music, 10 years later, Liam and Natalie reach a breaking point. Sometimes opposites attract but don't necessarily work once they're in long-term relationships. As they make the difficult decision to separate, they start by splitting their prized music library, but the soundtrack that defined their relationship keeps pulling them back together.
27,Burt Gummer suspects that giant worms are being utilized as weapons at a research facility in Canada. He soon finds himself in a race against time to create an antidote from one of the creature's venom to save his own life.
34,In the near future, private memories are recorded and crime has almost ceased to exist. But in trying to solve a series of murders, troubled detective Sal Frieland stumbles upon a young woman known only as "The Girl." She has no identity, no history and is invisible to the cops. Sal realizes this may not be the end of crime, and it could be the beginning of it.
70,Amanda Waller forms a special squad full of incarcerated villains to retrieve a mystical object.
85,Wisecracking mercenary Deadpool meets Russell, an angry teenage mutant who lives at an orphanage. When Russell becomes the target of Cable -- a genetically enhanced soldier from the future -- Deadpool realizes that he'll need some help saving the boy from such a superior enemy. He soon joins forces with Bedlam, Shatterstar, Domino and other powerful mutants to protect young Russell from Cable and his advanced weaponry.
64,Young Han Solo finds adventure when he joins forces with a gang of galactic smugglers and a 190-year-old Wookie named Chewbacca. Indebted to the gangster Dryden Vos, the crew devises a daring plan to travel to the mining planet Kessel to steal a batch of valuable coaxium. In need of a fast ship, Solo meets Lando Calrissian, the suave owner of the perfect vessel for the dangerous mission -- the Millennium Falcon.
37,In the near future, 10 death row convicts are forced to compete in a virtual reality game that pits them against dinosaurs and each other.
74,The amazing true story of Billy Moore, an English boxer incarcerated in Thailand's most notorious prison. Thrown into a world of drugs and violence, he finds his best chance to escape is to fight his way out in Muay Thai tournaments.
9,Officer Mike Chandler and a young civilian passenger find themselves unprepared and outgunned when fate puts them squarely in-the-crosshairs of a daring bank heist that is being carried out by a fearless team of highly trained and heavily armed men.
14,Ray Breslin manages an elite team of security specialists trained in the art of breaking people out of the world's most impenetrable prisons. When his trusted operative, Shu Ren, is kidnapped and disappears inside the most elaborate prison ever built, Ray assembles an elite team to assist in the rescue.
48,Three years after the destruction of the Jurassic World theme park, Owen Grady and Claire Dearing return to the island of Isla Nublar to save the remaining dinosaurs from a volcano that's about to erupt. They soon encounter terrifying new breeds of gigantic dinos while uncovering a conspiracy that threatens the entire planet.
84,Telecommunications guru Winston Deavor enlists Elastigirl to fight crime and make the public fall in love with superheroes once again. That leaves Mr. Incredible with one of his greatest challenges ever -- staying home and taking care of three rambunctious children. As Violet, Dash and Jack-Jack offer him a new set of headaches, a cybercriminal named Screenslaver launches his dastardly plan -- hypnotizing the world through computer screens.
55,Sam is a disenchanted 33-year-old who discovers a mysterious woman, Sarah, frolicking in his apartment's swimming pool. When she vanishes, Sam embarks on a surreal quest across Los Angeles to decode the secret behind her disappearance, leading him into the murkiest depths of mystery, scandal, and conspiracy in the City of Angels.
15,A young college professor and his pregnant wife unwittingly release a malevolent entity.
48,Your favorite monster family boards a luxury cruise ship so Dracula can take a summer vacation from the hotel. It's smooth sailing for the pack as they indulge in all of the fun the cruise has to offer, including monster volleyball, exotic excursions and catching up on their moon tans. But the dream vacation soon turns into a nightmare when Mavis realizes Drac has fallen for the mysterious captain of the ship, Ericka, who hides a dangerous secret that could destroy them all.
27,To push the crime rate below one percent for the rest of the year, the New Founding Fathers of America try a radical sociological experiment that allows citizens to vent their aggression for one night in an isolated community. The idea soon explodes across the nation when the violence of the oppressors meets the rage of the marginalized.
74,Once home to the most advanced civilization on Earth, the city of Atlantis is now an underwater kingdom ruled by the power-hungry King Orm. With a vast army at his disposal, Orm plans to conquer the remaining oceanic people -- and then the surface world. Standing in his way is Aquaman, Orm's half-human, half-Atlantean brother and true heir to the throne. With help from royal counselor Vulko, Aquaman must retrieve the legendary Trident of Atlan and embrace his destiny as protector of the deep.
60,If you have a problem and there is nowhere else to turn, the mysterious and elusive Robert McCall will deliver the vigilante justice you seek. This time, however, McCall's past cuts especially close to home when thugs kill Susan Plummer -- his best friend and former colleague. Now out for revenge, McCall must take on a crew of highly trained assassins who'll stop at nothing to destroy him.
72,When teens mysteriously develop powerful new abilities, they are declared a threat by the government and detained. One of the most powerful young people, Ruby, escapes from her camp and joins a group of runaways who are seeking a safe haven. Betrayed by the adults in power, this newfound family soon realizes that running is not enough -- they must use their collective powers to wage a resistance and take back their future.
65,Three stories of youth in different cities in China.
42,Previously thought to be extinct, a massive creature attacks a deep-sea submersible, leaving it disabled and trapping the crew at the bottom of the Pacific. With time running out, a visionary oceanographer recruits rescue diver Jonas Taylor to save the crew and the sea itself from an unimaginable threat -- a 75-foot-long prehistoric shark known as the Megalodon.
65,An up-and-coming journalist interviews a man who claims to be God.
33,A paranoid woman gets a job at an all-night gas station.
55,A geologist races against time to save his estranged wife and two children when a devastating earthquake strikes Oslo, Norway.
89,An aloof boy comes across a book in a hospital waiting room. He soon discovers that it is a diary kept by his very popular classmate who reveals to him that she is secretly suffering from a fatal pancreatic illness.
20,Killed 20 years earlier, the ghost of a cruel nun (Cristina Piaget) returns to torment five former students.
19,Teens (Dennis Christopher, Lynn-Holly Johnson, Martin Hewitt) tour Spain in an RV and see the outgrowth of microbes brought back from the moon.
75,Haunted by nightmares of his horrific experiences, World War II hero Louis Zamperini meets Cynthia Applewhite, a young woman who becomes his wife. Zamperini's personal demons soon threaten to destroy his marriage -- until he hears the stirring words of the Rev. Billy Graham in 1949. Embracing his newfound Christian faith, Louis starts to turn his life around by learning to forgive his former oppressors and spreading the message of peace and love.
45,Ten-year-old Lewis goes to live with his oddball uncle in a creaky old house that contains a mysterious ticktock noise. He soon learns that Uncle Jonathan and his feisty neighbor, Mrs. Zimmerman, are powerful practitioners of the magic arts. When Lewis accidentally awakens the dead, the town's sleepy facade suddenly springs to life -- revealing a secret and dangerous world of witches, warlocks and deadly curses.
62,Migo is a friendly Yeti whose world gets turned upside down when he discovers something that he didn't know existed -- a human. He soon faces banishment from his snowy home when the rest of the villagers refuse to believe his fantastic tale. Hoping to prove them wrong, Migo embarks on an epic journey to find the mysterious creature that can put him back in good graces with his simple community.
29,A Boston police detective (Leonard Mann) blames ritual beheadings on a professor (Drew Snyder) with a live-in assistant (Rachel Ward).
79,Seasoned musician Jackson Maine discovers -- and falls in love with -- struggling artist Ally. She has just about given up on her dream to make it big as a singer until Jackson coaxes her into the spotlight. But even as Ally's career takes off, the personal side of their relationship is breaking down, as Jackson fights an ongoing battle with his own internal demons.
36,While collecting junk one day, best friends Sonny and Sam meet Slappy, a mischievous talking dummy from an unpublished "Goosebumps" book by R.L. Stine. Hoping to start his own family, Slappy kidnaps Sonny's mother and brings all of his ghoulish friends back to life -- just in time for Halloween. As the sleepy town becomes overrun with monsters, witches and other mysterious creatures, Sonny joins forces with his sister, Sam and a kindly neighbor to save Sonny's mom and foil Slappy's plan.
56,Stuck in an unhappy but comfortable marriage, businessman Bill (Michael Sheen) and his wife, Kate (Maria Bello), are shocked when they learn that their son, Sammy (Kyle Gallner), has gone on a deadly shooting spree on his college campus before committing suicide. Struggling to avoid the media, the couple flees to the house of Kate's brother, Eric (Alan Tudyk). While the two try to remember what they might have done to drive Sammy to his desperate act, their mutual resentment builds.
85,Freddie Mercury -- the lead singer of Queen -- defies stereotypes and convention to become one of history's most beloved entertainers. The band's revolutionary sound and popular songs lead to Queen's meteoric rise in the 1970s. After leaving the group to pursue a solo career, Mercury reunites with Queen for the benefit concert Live Aid -- resulting in one of the greatest performances in rock 'n' roll history.
31,Filmmakers explore whether a career as an adult performer is inherently damaging to the balance of a performer's life once retired.
30,The powerful, three-headed Ghidorah threatens to destroy the world.
51,The Grinch and his loyal dog, Max, live a solitary existence inside a cave on Mount Crumpet. His main source of aggravation comes during Christmastime when his neighbors in Whoville celebrate the holidays with a bang. When the Whos decide to make Christmas bigger and brighter, the disgruntled Grinch realizes there is one way to gain peace and quiet. With help from Max, the green grump hatches a scheme to pose as Santa Claus, steal Christmas and silence the Whos' holiday cheer once and for all.
54,In an effort to thwart Grindelwald's plans of raising pure-blood wizards to rule over all non-magical beings, Albus Dumbledore enlists his former student Newt Scamander, who agrees to help, unaware of the dangers that lie ahead. Lines are drawn as love and loyalty are tested, even among the truest friends and family, in an increasingly divided wizarding world.
65,Video game bad guy Ralph and fellow misfit Vanellope von Schweetz must risk it all by traveling to the World Wide Web in search of a replacement part to save Vanellope's video game, "Sugar Rush." In way over their heads, Ralph and Vanellope rely on the citizens of the internet -- the netizens -- to help navigate their way, including an entrepreneur named Yesss, who is the head algorithm and the heart and soul of trend-making site BuzzzTube.
51,Human child Mowgli is raised by a wolf pack in the jungles of India. As he learns the often harsh rules of the jungle, under the tutelage of a bear named Baloo and a panther named Bagheera, Mowgli becomes accepted by the animals of the jungle as one of their own, but the fearsome tiger Shere Khan doesn't take a liking to him. But there may be greater dangers lurking in the jungle, as Mowgli comes face to face with his human origins.
33,A war criminal in hiding forms a relationship with his only connection to the outside world, his maid.
54,Wisecracking mercenary Deadpool meets Russell, an angry teenage mutant who lives at an orphanage. When Russell becomes the target of Cable -- a genetically enhanced soldier from the future -- Deadpool realizes that he'll need some help saving the boy from such a superior enemy. He soon joins forces with Bedlam, Shatterstar, Domino and other powerful mutants to protect young Russell from Cable and his advanced weaponry.
57,When a mysterious force decimates the population, only one thing is certain -- if you see it, you die. The survivors must now avoid coming face to face with an entity that takes the form of their worst fears. Searching for hope and a new beginning, a woman and her children embark on a dangerous journey through the woods and down a river to find the one place that may offer sanctuary. To make it, they'll have to cover their eyes from the evil that chases them -- and complete the trip blindfolded.
92,Goku and Vegeta encounter Broly, a Saiyan warrior.
47,Defeated by Master Ip, martial arts expert Cheung Tin Chi tries to lead a normal life in Hong Kong until triad leaders draw him back into fighting.
86,When the sudden appearance of a female Light Fury coincides with the darkest threat their village has ever faced, Hiccup and Toothless must journey to a hidden world thought only to exist in myth. The two friends will soon discover their true destinies as dragon and rider fight together to protect everything they've grown to treasure.
61,Sawyer is an ambitious, overachieving college senior who has a seemingly bright future. While on her way to a job interview, a wrong turn leaves her stranded deep in the frozen forest. Suddenly, the young woman who has everything to live for finds herself facing her own mortality as she's punished by the elements and pursued by a band of ruthless outlaws. With nowhere left to run, she is forced into an uneasy alliance with an enigmatic loner who has shadowy intentions.
67,A strategist begins a campaign to convince British voters to leave the European Union.
68,The citizens of Bricksburg face a dangerous new threat when LEGO DUPLO invaders from outer space start to wreck everything in their path. The battle to defeat the enemy and restore harmony to the LEGO universe takes Emmet, Lucy, Batman and the rest of their friends to faraway, unexplored worlds that test their courage and creativity.
92,Set several centuries in the future, the abandoned Alita is found in the scrapyard of Iron City by Ido, a compassionate cyber-doctor who takes the unconscious cyborg Alita to his clinic. When Alita awakens, she has no memory of who she is, nor does she have any recognition of the world she finds herself in. As Alita learns to navigate her new life and the treacherous streets of Iron City, Ido tries to shield her from her mysterious past.
67,An elite salary man is reborn as a little girl and is destined to become the most dangerous sorcerer in the imperial army.
41,Amid a turbulent romance and rising tensions in Paris, a young woman finds herself caught in a dizzying spiral of dreams, memories and what-ifs.
95,OUR FRIEND tells the inspiring and extraordinary true story of the Teague family--journalist Matt (Casey Affleck), his vibrant wife Nicole (Dakota Johnson) and their two young daughters--and how their lives are upended by Nicole's heartbreaking diagnosis of terminal cancer. As Matt's responsibilities as caretaker and parent become increasingly overwhelming, the couple's best friend Dane Faucheux (Jason Segel) offers to come and help out. As Dane puts his life on hold to stay with his friends, the impact of this life altering decision proves greater and more profound than anyone could have imagined.
36,Swedish teenager Greta Thunberg leads a global movement on the climate change crisis.
78,Helen (Ida Lupino) wants out of her small town and sees her sister Katie (Joan Leslie) as her means when she discovers that Katie can sing. Manipulating Katie into a marriage with another singer, Katie finds happiness on the road performing, but Helen wants more. She forces Katie to dump her singing husband and go solo. As Katie's success grows, the tension between the two sisters increases and is taken to the breaking point when they both fall in love with the same man.
45,Captain Marvel is an extraterrestrial Kree warrior who finds herself caught in the middle of an intergalactic battle between her people and the Skrulls. Living on Earth in 1995, she keeps having recurring memories of another life as U.S. Air Force pilot Carol Danvers. With help from Nick Fury, Captain Marvel tries to uncover the secrets of her past while harnessing her special superpowers to end the war with the evil Skrulls.
79,Seventeen-year-old Stella spends most of her time in the hospital as a cystic fibrosis patient. Her life is full of routines, boundaries and self-control -- all of which get put to the test when she meets Will, an impossibly charming teen who has the same illness. There's an instant flirtation, though restrictions dictate that they must maintain a safe distance between them. As their connection intensifies, so does the temptation to throw the rules out the window and embrace that attraction.
27,Featuring original music from Juanes.
50,Upon returning to his camp from a nearby watering hole, a half-simian/half-human herbivore (Michael Gambon) -- the titular "missing link" between ape and man -- discovers his entire clan, friends and family have been killed by Stone Age humans. Thus begins a long search for others of his kind. As he traverses the African continent avoiding humans and looking for clues about his own species, he also befriends animals and learns about the world in which he is the last of his kind.
12,A growing breed of thrill seekers thrives on breaking into the planet's most dangerous man-made structures, and members call themselves urban explorers.
90,Adrift in space with no food or water, Tony Stark sends a message to Pepper Potts as his oxygen supply starts to dwindle. Meanwhile, the remaining Avengers -- Thor, Black Widow, Captain America and Bruce Banner -- must figure out a way to bring back their vanquished allies for an epic showdown with Thanos -- the evil demigod who decimated the planet and the universe.
20,A stork mistakenly delivers a baby panda to the wrong home.
54,In the adorably different town of Uglyville, weirdness is celebrated, strangeness is special and beauty is embraced as more than meets the eye. After traveling to the other side of a mountain, Moxy and her UglyDoll friends discover Perfection -- a town where more conventional dolls receive training before entering the real world to find the love of a child. Soon, the UglyDolls learn what it means to be different -- ultimately realizing that they don't have to be perfect to be amazing.
100,Paw Patrol tries to save Adventure Bay from evil Mayor Humdinger's latest plan: to steal a meteor that gives off superpowers.
94,Aladdin is a lovable street urchin who meets Princess Jasmine, the beautiful daughter of the sultan of Agrabah. While visiting her exotic palace, Aladdin stumbles upon a magic oil lamp that unleashes a powerful, wisecracking, larger-than-life genie. As Aladdin and the genie start to become friends, they must soon embark on a dangerous mission to stop the evil sorcerer Jafar from overthrowing young Jasmine's kingdom.
90,Explore the emotional lives of pets and the deep bond between them and the families that love them as Max, Gidget, Snowball and the rest of the gang take on new adventures and push themselves to find the courage to become their own heroes.
43,A New York cop and his wife go on a European vacation to reinvigorate the spark in their marriage. A chance encounter leads to them being framed for the murder of an elderly billionaire.
83,Saloon owner Al Swearengen clashes with Sheriff Seth Bullock as the residents of Deadwood celebrate South Dakota's statehood in 1889.
64,The X-Men face their most formidable and powerful foe when one of their own, Jean Grey, starts to spiral out of control. During a rescue mission in outer space, Jean is nearly killed when she's hit by a mysterious cosmic force. Once she returns home, this force not only makes her infinitely more powerful, but far more unstable. The X-Men must now band together to save her soul and battle aliens that want to use Grey's new abilities to rule the galaxy.
75,A teenage girl is raised by a robot designed to repopulate Earth. Their bond is tested when a stranger arrives with alarming news.
66,The Men in Black have expanded to cover the globe but so have the villains of the universe. To keep everyone safe, decorated Agent H and determined rookie M join forces -- an unlikely pairing that just might work. When aliens that can take the form of any human arrive on Earth, H and M embark on a globe-trotting adventure to save the agency -- and ultimately the world -- from their mischievous plans.
90,A high school student's blissful days with his girlfriend are interrupted when his first crush returns in two forms.
94,Woody, Buzz Lightyear and the rest of the gang embark on a road trip with Bonnie and a new toy named Forky. The adventurous journey turns into an unexpected reunion as Woody's slight detour leads him to his long-lost friend Bo Peep. As Woody and Bo discuss the old days, they soon start to realize that they're worlds apart when it comes to what they want from life as a toy.
82,A surfer and a firefighter meet and fall in love.
70,Determined to keep Annabelle from wreaking more havoc, paranormal investigators Ed and Lorraine Warren lock the possessed doll in the artifacts room in their house. But when the doll awakens the room's evil spirits, it soon becomes an unholy night of terror for the couple's 10-year-old daughter, her friends and their young baby sitter.
63,A young American couple, their relationship foundering, travel to a fabled Swedish midsummer festival where a seemingly pastoral paradise transforms into a sinister, dread-soaked nightmare as the locals reveal their terrifying agenda.
81,Princes turned into dwarfs seek a lady's red shoes to break their curse.
23,Terror awaits a group of high school graduates when a psychopath uses the unstoppable speed and turns of a water slide to his murderous advantage.
84,Red, Chuck, Bomb and the rest of their feathered friends are surprised when a green pig suggests that they put aside their differences and unite to fight a common threat. Aggressive birds from an island covered in ice are planning to use an elaborate weapon to destroy the fowl and swine way of life. After picking their best and brightest, the birds and pigs come up with a scheme to infiltrate the island, deactivate the device and return to their respective paradises intact.
88,Having spent most of her life exploring the jungle, nothing could prepare Dora for her most dangerous adventure yet -- high school. Accompanied by a ragtag group of teens and Boots the monkey, Dora embarks on a quest to save her parents while trying to solve the seemingly impossible mystery behind a lost Incan civilization.
97,The inspirational true story of Brian Banks, an all-American high school football star who finds his life upended when he's wrongly convicted of a crime he didn't commit. Despite the lack of evidence, Banks gets railroaded through a broken justice system and sentenced to a decade of prison and probation. Years later, with the support of Justin Brooks and the California Innocence Project, Banks fights to reclaim his life and fulfill his dreams of playing in the NFL.
98,High school basketball coach John Harrison and his team face an uncertain future when their town's largest manufacturing plant shuts down unexpectedly. As hundreds of people move away, John reluctantly agrees to coach cross-country, a sport he doesn't even like. His outlook soon changes when he meets Hannah Scott, an unlikely runner who pushes herself to the limit. Inspired by the words and prayers of a new friend, John starts to train Hannah for the biggest race of her young life.
81,During the 1840s, Britain sends secret agent Sir William Walker (Marlon Brando) to break up Portugal's sugar monopoly on the fictional Caribbean island of Queimada. Walker incites the slaves to revolt under the leadership of a dock worker, José Dolores, while simultaneously convincing plantation owners to turn against the government. A decade later, however, Walker must return to Queimada to confront his one-time pupil, Dolores, who now leads a revolt to throw out the British.
72,A student and a teenager meet at a bakery and try to find each other again as fate keeps them apart.
78,Defeated by members of the Losers' Club, the evil clown Pennywise returns 27 years later to terrorize the town of Derry, Maine, once again. Now adults, the childhood friends have long since gone their separate ways. But when people start disappearing, Mike Hanlon calls the others home for one final stand. Damaged by scars from the past, the united Losers must conquer their deepest fears to destroy the shape-shifting Pennywise -- now more powerful than ever.
88,When trapeze artist Cleopatra (Olga Baclanova) learns that circus midget Hans (Harry Earles) has an inheritance, she marries the lovesick, diminutive performer, all the while planning to steal his fortune and run off with her lover, strong man Hercules (Henry Victor). When Hans' friends and fellow performers discover what is going on, they band together and carry out a brutal revenge that leaves Hercules and Cleopatra knowing what it truly means to be a "freak."
81,Vietnam War veteran John Rambo tries to find some semblance of peace by raising horses on a ranch in Arizona. He's also developed a special familial bond with a woman named Maria and her teenage granddaughter Gabriela. But when a vicious Mexican cartel kidnaps Gabriela, Rambo crosses the border on a bloody and personal quest to rescue her and punish those responsible.
37,A hostage negotiator from the NYPD teams up with an FBI agent to save hostages at the Federal Reserve Bank.
69,Members of the mysterious and spooky Addams family -- Gomez, Morticia, Pugsley, Wednesday, Uncle Fester and Grandma -- are readily preparing for a visit from their even creepier relatives. But trouble soon arises when shady TV personality Margaux Needler realizes that the Addams' eerie hilltop mansion is standing in the way of her dream to sell all the houses in the neighborhood.
95,Maleficent travels to a grand old castle to celebrate young Aurora's upcoming wedding to Prince Phillip. While there, she meets Aurora's future mother-in-law -- a conniving queen who hatches a devious plot to destroy the land's fairies. Hoping to stop her, Maleficent joins forces with a seasoned warrior and a group of outcasts to battle the queen and her powerful army.
82,In Mexico City, a newly modified liquid Terminator -- the Rev-9 model -- arrives from the future to kill a young factory worker named Dani Ramos. Also sent back in time is Grace, a hybrid cyborg human who must protect Ramos from the seemingly indestructible robotic assassin. But the two women soon find some much-needed help from a pair of unexpected allies -- seasoned warrior Sarah Connor and the T-800 Terminator.
89,Struggling with alcoholism, Dan Torrance remains traumatized by the sinister events that occurred at the Overlook Hotel when he was a child. His hope for a peaceful existence soon becomes shattered when he meets Abra, a teen who shares his extrasensory gift of the "shine." Together, they form an unlikely alliance to battle the True Knot, a cult whose members try to feed off the shine of innocents to become immortal.
86,In the 1950s, truck driver Frank Sheeran gets involved with Russell Bufalino and his Pennsylvania crime family. As Sheeran climbs the ranks to become a top hit man, he also goes to work for Jimmy Hoffa -- a powerful Teamster tied to organized crime.
71,In this dramatization of the Battle of Midway during World War II, U.S. Navy Adm. Chester Nimitz (Henry Fonda) leads an outnumbered unit in the Pacific to break Japanese encryption codes. They soon discover that Adm. Yamamoto (Toshirô Mifune) plans an ambush of the U.S. base on the island of Midway. Capt. Matt Garth (Charlton Heston) helps devise the Navy's strategy, while his pilot son, Tom (Edward Albert), falls in love with a Japanese-American woman who is headed for an internment camp.
80,This Disney animated classic follows a pampered cocker spaniel named Lady (Barbara Luddy) whose comfortable life slips away once her owners have a baby. When, after some tense circumstances, Lady finds herself on the loose and out on the street, she is befriended and protected by the tough stray mutt Tramp (Larry Roberts). A romance begins to blossom between the two dogs, but their many differences, along with more drama at Lady's household, threaten to keep them apart.
92,Elsa the Snow Queen has an extraordinary gift -- the power to create ice and snow. But no matter how happy she is to be surrounded by the people of Arendelle, Elsa finds herself strangely unsettled. After hearing a mysterious voice call out to her, Elsa travels to the enchanted forests and dark seas beyond her kingdom -- an adventure that soon turns into a journey of self-discovery.
50,After the accidental death of his parents, Jack's comfortable lifestyle comes to an end and he must sell his family home. Desperate to improve his life, Jack throws out his childhood belongings including his beloved plush, Benny. It's a move that has disastrous consequences when Benny springs to life with deadly intentions!
92,The circumstances surrounding the death of crime novelist Harlan Thrombey are mysterious, but there's one thing that renowned Detective Benoit Blanc knows for sure -- everyone in the wildly dysfunctional Thrombey family is a suspect. Now, Blanc must sift through a web of lies and red herrings to uncover the truth.
84,Mickey Pearson is an American expatriate who became rich by building a highly profitable marijuana empire in London. When word gets out that he's looking to cash out of the business, it soon triggers an array of plots and schemes -- including bribery and blackmail -- from shady characters who want to steal his domain.
87,When Spencer goes back into the fantastical world of Jumanji, pals Martha, Fridge and Bethany re-enter the game to bring him home. But the game is now broken -- and fighting back. Everything the friends know about Jumanji is about to change, as they soon discover there's more obstacles and more danger to overcome.
61,A desperate young man possessing special powers clashes with a police force after committing a petty crime.
60,Six individuals from all around the globe, each the very best at what they do, have been chosen not only for their skill, but for a unique desire to delete their pasts to change the future.
86,When it's discovered that the evil Emperor Palpatine did not die at the hands of Darth Vader, the rebels must race against the clock to find out his whereabouts. Finn and Poe lead the Resistance to put a stop to the First Order's plans to form a new Empire, while Rey anticipates her inevitable confrontation with Kylo Ren. Warning: Some flashing-lights scenes in this film may affect photosensitive viewers.
98,Deku and the rest of the heroes of Class 1-A must save a group of islanders from a powerful villain.
22,IP MAN: KUNG FU MASTER harks back to Ip’s early days before the Communist Revolution in 1949. Ip, portrayed by Dennis To for the third time as the martial artist who famously tutored Bruce Lee, was then a police captain who was framed for the murder of a ruthless but honorable mobster, and targeted for vengeance by his dangerous daughter. Forced to quit the force, Ip soon also has to contend with the arrival of the Japanese army in Guangzhou.
22,Hunter and collector Frank Walsh expects a big payday after bagging a priceless white jaguar for a zoo. But the ship bearing Frank's precious cargo has another predator -- a political assassin facing extradition to America. When the prisoner manages to break free, Walsh must utilize his expert skills to capture the dangerous killer -- not dead, but alive.
76,Dr. John Dolittle lives in solitude behind the high walls of his lush manor in 19th-century England. His only companionship comes from an array of exotic animals that he speaks to on a daily basis. But when young Queen Victoria becomes gravely ill, the eccentric doctor and his furry friends embark on an epic adventure to a mythical island to find the cure.
64,In an attempt to be part of her life, a pregnant mother with terminal cancer leaves behind 18 sentimental gifts for her unborn daughter to receive every year on her birthday.
96,The wife and son of a Mexican drug lord embark on a vengeful quest to kill all those involved in his trial and imprisonment -- including Miami Detective Mike Lowrey. When Mike gets wounded, he teams up with partner Marcus Burnett and AMMO -- a special tactical squad -- to bring the culprits to justice. But the old-school, wisecracking cops must soon learn to get along with their new elite counterparts if they are to take down the vicious cartel that threatens their lives.
20,Six students on their way to Mexico become stranded in a small town, and bizarre things begin happening all around them.
74,A refugee couple makes a harrowing escape from war-torn South Sudan, but then they struggle to adjust to their new life in an English town that has an evil lurking beneath the surface.
64,An alternate take on Superman portrays him as a Soviet hero after his rocket lands in the USSR.
19,A boy and his friends must save his infant sister from an evil witch who eats babies.
61,After meeting each other, two people struggle with the emotional and physical scars of their past. They discover that even the smallest moments can mean something.
58,Poppy and Branch discover that there are six different troll tribes scattered over six different lands. Each tribe is also devoted to six different kinds of music -- funk, country, techno, classical, pop and rock. When rockers Queen Barb and King Thrash set out to destroy the other music, Poppy and Branch embark on a daring mission to unite the trolls and save the diverse melodies from becoming extinct.
31,A group of technology-dependent teenagers goes to offline camp and faces a deadly danger lurking in the woods.
67,A 13-year-old girl accidentally unleashes a demonic entity from a possessed reel-to-reel player.
51,Takeshi Kovacs protects a tattooist while investigating the death of a yakuza boss on the planet Latimer.
15,High-school student Michelle (Leah Viens-Gordon) wants to learn about casual sex from her experienced friend April (Allyson Muñoz).
25,After discovering a magical mask, an 11-year-old aspiring wrestler enters a competition to become the next WWE superstar.
88,A grizzled veteran rancher, Wil Andersen (John Wayne) is almost ready to embark on a big cattle drive when his crew abruptly quits to join in a gold rush. Left with no alternative, Anderson enlists the help of a group of local schoolboys. Training the youngsters to be cowboys, Andersen manages to get the drive underway, but their long journey is placed in jeopardy when the devious bandit Long Hair (Bruce Dern) sets his sights on stealing the herd.
15,A man who runs a sawmill in Belgium receives an unwelcome visit from a cartel.
40,After losing her mother, 18-year-old Alaska Rose finds herself in court for some out-of-control behavior.
27,The only survivor of a botched prisoner-extraction mission must fight his way out of a maximum-security Chechen facility and simultaneously keep his captive alive long enough to catch a terrorist arms dealer.
81,A shy, introverted student helps the school jock woo a girl whom, secretly, they both want.
90,Following the decimation of Earth, the Justice League regroups to take on Darkseid and save the remaining survivors.
50,Disaster strikes when a man invites his dream girl to an island resort -- but a previous blind date shows up instead.
37,While investigating the murder of a fellow officer, veteran Renee Lomito discovers a mysterious figure in the body cam footage. Haunted by visions of the event, she suspects something supernatural is targeting the cops in her unit. Now, in a race against time to find the one person who can stop these killings, Renee uncovers a sinister secret among the police force surrounding the shooting and cover-up of an unarmed youth.
21,When a relaxing getaway turns deadly, a former Marine must risk his life once again to save his wife and best friend from pirates.
19,Artemis Fowl is a 12-year-old genius and descendant of a long line of criminal masterminds. He soon finds himself in an epic battle against a race of powerful underground fairies who may be behind his father's disappearance.
77,The line between human and animal starts to blur after a girl transforms herself into a cat.
68,Set in 20th Century Bengal, Bulbbul is a mystery and fable about a young woman's journey from innocence to strength. Bulbbul, a child bride, grows up to be an enigmatic woman presiding over her household, harboring a painful past as the supernatural murders of men plague her village.
84,Grizz, Panda and Ice Bear go on the run from a diabolical wildlife agent.
40,Unseen forces terrorize five battle-hardened soldiers guarding a chateau deep in the French countryside.
14,Deep in the forests of Australia, some friends are exploring a remote cave system when a tropical storm hits. As rising flood waters trap them deep below the surface, something even deadlier emerges from the darkness -- killer crocodiles.
76,A soldier and his team battle hordes of post-apocalyptic zombies in the wastelands of the Korean Peninsula.
40,Princess Odette and Prince Derek go to the wedding of Princess Mei and her beloved Chen. Evil forces threaten the wedding plans.
39,After a romantic summer together, Noah is off to Harvard, and Elle heads back to high school for her senior year.
63,John Garrity, his estranged wife and their young son embark on a perilous journey to find sanctuary as a planet-killing comet hurtles toward Earth. Amid terrifying accounts of cities getting leveled, the Garrity's experience the best and worst in humanity. As the countdown to the global apocalypse approaches zero, their incredible trek culminates in a desperate and last-minute flight to a possible safe haven.
72,Two enforcers for a crime lord face an uncertain future when an old rival reappears.
50,In the first-ever all CGI SpongeBob motion picture event, THE SPONGEBOB MOVIE: SPONGE ON THE RUN, SpongeBob SquarePants, his best friend Patrick, and the Bikini Bottom gang star in their most epic adventure movie yet! When SpongeBob's beloved pet snail Gary goes missing, a path of clues leads SpongeBob and Patrick to the powerful King Poseidon, who has Gary held captive in the Lost City of Atlantic City. On their mission to save Gary, SpongeBob and his pals team up for a heroic and hilarious journey where they discover nothing is stronger than the power of friendship.
53,Rugged American adventure-travel journalist Pete McKell (Michael Vartan) joins a cruise along a crocodile-infested river organized by tomboyish guide Kate Ryan (Radha Mitchell). As if dealing with their fellow travelers -- including obnoxious wannabe photographer Simon (Stephen Curry) and bratty British teen Sherry (Mia Wasikowska) -- wasn't enough aggravation, soon Pete and Kate must match wits against an enormous 25-foot croc that seems cleverer than most.
76,A secret agent embarks on a dangerous, time-bending mission to prevent the start of World War III.
56,Five teenage mutants -- Mirage, Wolfsbane, Cannonball, Sunspot and Magik -- undergo treatments at a secret institution that will cure them of their dangerous powers. Invited by Dr. Cecilia Reyes to share their stories, their memories soon turn into terrifying realities as they start to question why they're being held and who's trying to destroy them.
93,A college student's relationship with a troubled youth gets put to the test when she meets another man who's attracted to her.
85,Fearful that her ailing father will be drafted into the Chinese military, Mulan (Ming-Na Wen) takes his spot -- though, as a girl living under a patriarchal regime, she is technically unqualified to serve. She cleverly impersonates a man and goes off to train with fellow recruits. Accompanied by her dragon, Mushu (Eddie Murphy), she uses her smarts to help ward off a Hun invasion, falling in love with a dashing captain along the way.
40,Two young sisters band together to save a magical baby unicorn from a group of cowboys.
99,While writing other people’s emotions, she may have neglected her own. Violet Evergarden, the child soldier turned Auto Memory Doll, writes letters that evoke the words her clients can’t. But when a terminally ill boy requests her services for her family, her own feelings about love and loss resurface. Now she must confront her past and the death of the Major.
37,A rebellious princess is stunned to learn that she has superpowers and belongs to a secret society with a longstanding tradition of covertly keeping the peace throughout the kingdom.
50,Members of a covert security company try to protect an accountant from the world's deadliest mercenary organization.
45,When a narco past his prime refuses to pay a debt to an upstart, only a secret stash of money can save his men.
20,Members of a documentary crew meet a mysterious man who seems to possess supernatural powers at a crumbling manor.
72,Decades after his apprentice betrays him, a once joyful toymaker finds new hope when his bright young granddaughter appears on his doorstep.
44,Teenager Kate Pierce is reunited with Santa Claus when a troublemaker threatens to cancel Christmas -- forever.
94,Searching for a safer habitat, the prehistoric Crood family discovers an idyllic, walled-in paradise that meets all of its needs. Unfortunately, they must also learn to live with the Bettermans -- a family that's a couple of steps above the Croods on the evolutionary ladder. As tensions between the new neighbors start to rise, a new threat soon propels both clans on an epic adventure that forces them to embrace their differences, draw strength from one another, and survive together.
83,Daryn, a high-school track star, scholar and aspiring rapper, learns that his girlfriend is sick. He soon plans to give her a life's worth of experiences in the last year she has left, and what he receives in return will last him a lifetime.
70,Behind our world, there is another -- a world of dangerous and powerful monsters that rule their domain with deadly ferocity. When Lt. Artemis and her loyal soldiers are transported from our world to the new one, the unflappable lieutenant receives the shock of her life. In a desperate battle for survival against enormous enemies with incredible powers and unstoppable, terrifying attacks, Artemis teams up with a mysterious hunter who has found a way to fight back.
22,Bobbleheads band together to defend their home from two human intruders.
73,Diana Prince lives quietly among mortals in the vibrant, sleek 1980s -- an era of excess driven by the pursuit of having it all. Though she's come into her full powers, she maintains a low profile by curating ancient artifacts, and only performing heroic acts incognito. But soon, Diana will have to muster all of her strength, wisdom and courage as she finds herself squaring off against Maxwell Lord and the Cheetah, a villainess who possesses superhuman strength and agility.
84,Martha (Vanessa Kirby) and Sean (Shia LaBeouf) are a Boston couple on the verge of parenthood whose lives change irrevocably when a home birth ends in unimaginable tragedy. Thus begins a yearlong odyssey for Martha, who must navigate her grief while working through fractious relationships with Sean and her domineering mother (Ellen Burstyn), along with the publicly vilified midwife (Molly Parker), whom she must face in court.
54,A decorated U.S. Marine captain embarks on a daring mission to save his kidnapped wife from terrorists in Morocco.
78,In Sony Pictures Animation's Wish Dragon, Din, a working-class college student with big dreams but small means, and Long, a cynical but all-powerful dragon capable of granting wishes, set off on a hilarious adventure through modern day Shanghai in pursuit of Din's long-lost childhood friend, Lina. Their journey forces them to answer some of life's biggest questions -- because when you can wish for anything, you have to decide what really matters.
25,A gang of organ traffickers in Kosovo kidnaps a group of medical aid workers.
53,When a prisoner transfer van is attacked, the officer in charge must fight those inside and outside while dealing with a silent foe: the icy temperatures.
78,After snatching a crashed space shuttle in the latest debris chase, Spaceship Victory's crew members find a 7-year-old girl inside. They realize that she's the humanlike robot wanted by UTS Space Guards and decide to demand ransom in exchange.
68,Utah and Opal are junkies living on the streets of rural Ohio until a seemingly chance encounter with the enigmatic Wood (Michael Kenneth Williams) brings them to Los Angeles for treatment. While Utah finds sobriety with the help of the treatment center shrink (Academy Award®-Winner Melissa Leo), he soon learns that rehab is not about helping people—it’s merely a cover scheme for a multibillion dollar fraud operation, enlisting addicts to recruit other addicts. Seduced by the money, but troubled by the hypocrisy, Utah must decide between what will make him rich, and what will save Opal.
58,Bruce Willis and Frank Grillo star in the new epic sci-fi adventure set in the year 2524, four hundred years after humans started colonizing the outer planets. Retired Military General James Ford (Willis) is called back into service after soldiers on a remote planet are attacked by a hostile alien fleet. The threat against the human race escalates into an inevitable interstellar war. General Ford teams up with General Eron Ryle (Grillo) and a team of elite soldiers in a race to stop the imminent attack before it is too late.
57,Lord Rayden (Christopher Lambert) handpicks three martial artists -- federal agent Sonya Blade (Bridgette Wilson), Shaolin monk Lui Kang (Robin Shou) and action movie sensation Johnny Cage (Linden Ashby) -- and mentors them. After intense training, Rayden transports the trio to Outworld, the site of an inter-dimensional fighting tournament. There, the three humans must defeat the demonic warriors of the evil Shang Sung (Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa) -- or allow Sung to take over the Earth.
11,From the director of Double Take, Middle Men, and The Poison Rose comes this stylish, glossy action-thriller starring Morgan Freeman (Se7en) and Ruby Rose ("Orange Is the New Black") that shows what desperation can drive a person to do. A mother, Victoria (Rose), is trying to put her dark past as a Russian drug courier behind her, but retired cop Damon (Freeman) forces Victoria to do his bidding by holding her daughter hostage. Now, Victoria must use guns, guts, and a motorcycle to take out a series of violent gangsters -- or she may never see her child again.
90,Mysterious and wild-eyed, a new security guard for a cash truck surprises his co-workers when he unleashes precision skills during a heist. The crew is left wondering who he is and where he came from. Soon, the marksman's ultimate motive becomes clear as he takes dramatic and irrevocable steps to settle a score.
30,Grey, an indie singer, whose first album was a smash hit, gets an invitation to work with notorious music producer Vaughn Daniels at his remote studio in the woods. Together with her girlfriend/lover Charlie, they arrive at his mansion, and the work begins. But Grey is having visions that she is a wolf, and as her work with the emotionally demanding Vaughn deepens, the vegan singer begins to hunger for meat and the hunt. As Grey starts to transform into a werewolf, she begins to find out who she really is, and begins to discover the family she never knew. What will it take to become a great artist and at what cost to her humanity?
46,Warlords, warriors and statesmen wage a battle for supremacy in this fantasy tale based on the video games.
14,An archaeological dig accidentally unleashes an ancient curse that reanimates an army of skeletal conquistadors who were lost centuries earlier while searching for El Dorado.
82,Vin Diesel's Dom Toretto is leading a quiet life off the grid with Letty and his son, little Brian, but they know that danger always lurks just over their peaceful horizon. This time, that threat will force Dom to confront the sins of his past if he's going to save those he loves most. His crew joins together to stop a world-shattering plot led by the most skilled assassin and high-performance driver they've ever encountered: a man who also happens to be Dom's forsaken brother, Jakob (John Cena, the upcoming The Suicide Squad).
92,Following the deadly events at home, the Abbott family must now face the terrors of the outside world as they continue their fight for survival in silence. Forced to venture into the unknown, they quickly realize that the creatures that hunt by sound are not the only threats that lurk beyond the sand path.
97,Academy Award (R) winner Emma Stone ("La La Land") stars in Disney's "Cruella," an all-new live-action feature film about the rebellious early days of one of cinemas most notorious - and notoriously fashionable - villains, the legendary Cruella de Vil. "Cruella," which is set in 1970s London amidst the punk rock revolution, follows a young grifter named Estella, a clever and creative girl determined to make a name for herself with her designs. She befriends a pair of young thieves who appreciate her appetite for mischief, and together they are able to build a life for themselves on the London streets. One day, Estella's flair for fashion catches the eye of the Baroness von Hellman, a fashion legend who is devastatingly chic and terrifyingly haute, played by two-time Oscar (R) winner Emma Thompson ("Howards End," "Sense & Sensibility"). But their relationship sets in motion a course of events and revelations that will cause Estella to embrace her wicked side and become the raucous, fashionable and revenge-bent Cruella.
58,Even a federal maximum-security prison can't hold Richard Pace (Golden Globe nominee PIERCE BROSNAN), a brilliant international thief. But his daring escape and high-octane car chase, eluding the FBI and police, ends with him being scooped up by The Misfits, a band of modern-day Robin Hoods. Led by the eccentric and charismatic Ringo (NICK CANNON) with Violet (JAMIE CHUNG), the Prince (RAMI JABER), and Wick (MIKE ANGELO) with Pace's daughter Hope (HERMIONE CORFIELD)--a mysterious group who do devious things for all the right reasons. The skilled group convinces Pace to join them to pull off the heist of the century: stealing millions in gold bars kept under one of the most secure prisons on earth, owned by rogue businessman Schultz (Tim Roth), and used for funding terrorist groups worldwide. Aside from the money, Pace wants revenge against Schultz, the man behind his incarceration. From LA to Abu Dhabi, it will take supercharged engines, forged identities, multiple cons, camels, nitro and massive explosions to succeed. Directed by RENNY HARLIN (Die Hard 2: Die Harder, Cliffhanger), THE MISFITS brings a new team of outsiders into the world of action-adventure.
76,After Char's rebellion, Hathaway Noa leads an insurgency against Earth Federation, but meeting an enemy officer and a mysterious woman alters his fate.
86,A young woman and her family strive to recover from the Chilean military dictatorship.
35,Deep below the surface of a seemingly tranquil remote lake lies a perfectly preserved family home. When a young influencer couple sets out to explore the submerged house to capture uncharted content for their social media followers, their dive turns into a nightmare as they discover a sinister presence. With limited oxygen supply and time running against them, the couple must find a way to escape the underwater house of horrors before it's too late.
75,Meliodas and his friends jump back into action when the new era of peace is threatened by a powerful, magical alliance that could spell the end for all.
48,Sam (Karen Gillan) was only 12 years old when her mother Scarlet (Lena Headey), an elite assassin, was forced to abandon her. Sam was raised by The Firm, the ruthless crime syndicate her mother worked for. Now, 15 years later, Sam has followed in her mother’s footsteps and grown into a fierce hit-woman. She uses her “talents” to clean up The Firm’s most dangerous messes. She’s as efficient as she is loyal. But when a high-risk job goes wrong, Sam must choose between serving The Firm and protecting the life of an innocent 8-year-old girl -- Emily (Chloe Colemaan). With a target on her back, Sam has only one chance to survive: Reunite with her mother and her lethal associates: The Librarians (Angela Bassett, Michelle Yeoh and Carla Gugino). These three generations of women must now learn to trust each other, stand up to The Firm and their army of henchmen, and raise hell against those who could take everything from them.
38,Undersea adventure about a couple who become involved in a dangerous conflict with treasure hunters when they discover a deadly shipwreck in Bermudan waters. When they realize that the cache includes morphine, the pair enlist the help of an old treasure hunter to escape the drug dealers who hid their product amidst the sunken wreck.
92,Join fan favorites Dwayne Johnson and Emily Blunt for the adventure of a lifetime on Disney's JUNGLE CRUISE, a rollicking thrill-ride down the Amazon with wisecracking skipper Frank Wolff and intrepid researcher Dr. Lily Houghton. Lily travels from London, England to the Amazon jungle and enlists Frank's questionable services to guide her downriver on La Quila--his ramshackle-but-charming boat. Lily is determined to uncover an ancient tree with unparalleled healing abilities--possessing the power to change the future of medicine. Thrust on this epic quest together, the unlikely duo encounters innumerable dangers and supernatural forces, all lurking in the deceptive beauty of the lush rainforest. But as the secrets of the lost tree unfold, the stakes reach even higher for Lily and Frank and their fate--and mankind's--hangs in the balance.
88,This is the true story that inspired the hit German Original Series How To Sell Drugs Online (Fast). In February 2015, Maximilian Schmidt, known online as Shiny Flakes, was arrested for selling approx. 4.1 million euros worth of drugs -- from his childhood bedroom. Using his own website shinyflakes.com and the German postal service, at 19-years old he ran an international drugs empire by himself -- selling one ton of drugs over 14 months. It's one of the largest cybercrime-cases known in Germany, and the police still don't know where most of the money is. In this documentary, Maximilian tells his story.
97,The PAW Patrol is on a roll! When their biggest rival, Humdinger, becomes Mayor of nearby Adventure City and starts wreaking havoc, Ryder and everyone's favorite heroic pups kick into high gear to face the challenge head on. While one pup must face his past in Adventure City, the team finds help from a new ally, the savvy dachshund Liberty. Together, armed with exciting new gadgets and gear, the PAW Patrol fights to save the citizens of Adventure City!
94,In "Free Guy," a bank teller who discovers he is actually a background player in an open-world video game, decides to become the hero of his own story... one he rewrites himself. Now in a world where there are no limits, he is determined to be the guy who saves his world his way... before it is too late.
84,The world of The Witcher expands in this anime origin story: Before Geralt, there was his mentor Vesemir -- a swashbuckling young witcher who escaped a life of poverty to slay monsters for coin. But when a strange new monster begins terrorizing a politically-fraught kingdom, Vesemir finds himself on a frightening adventure that forces him to confront the demons of his past.
66,The heroes must travel to Outworld to defend Earthrealm as Scorpion searches for the ancient Kamidogu before it's used to resurrect the One Being.
69,Guy Pearce, Matilda Lutz and Travis Fimmel star in the sci-fi thriller set in Zone 414, a dangerous, dark colony of humanoids known as "the city of robots." The colony's creator (Fimmel) hires private investigator David Carmichael (Pearce) to track down his missing daughter. David teams up with Jane (Lutz), a highly advanced A.I. equipped with the same technology of her fellow humanoids, but with all the emotions, feelings and dreams of a human being. They travel through the city uncovering clues and a crime that calls into question the origins and true purpose behind the city of artificial humans.
34,For Evan McCauley (Mark Wahlberg), skills he has never learned and memories of places he has never visited haunt his daily life. Self-medicated and on the brink of a mental breakdown, Evan is sought by a secret group that call themselves “Infinites,” revealing to him that his memories may be real--but they are from multiple past lives. The Infinites bring Evan into their extraordinary world, where a gifted few are given the ability to be reborn with their memories and knowledge accumulated over centuries. With critical secrets buried in his past, Evan must work with the Infinites to unlock the answers in his memories in a race against time to save humanity from one of their own (Chiwetel Ejiofor) who seeks to end all life to stop what he views as the cursed, endless cycle of reincarnation.
59,Young Anthony Soprano is growing up in one of the most tumultuous eras in Newark's history, becoming a man just as rival gangsters begin to rise up and challenge the all-powerful DiMeo crime family's hold over the increasingly race-torn city. Caught up in the changing times is the uncle he idolizes, Dickie Moltisanti, who struggles to manage both his professional and personal responsibilities--and whose influence over his impressionable nephew will help make the teenager into the all-powerful mob boss we'll later come to know: Tony Soprano.
88,The unimaginable has happened... Equestria has lost its magic! Earth Ponies, Unicorns, and Pegasi are no longer friends and now live separated by species. But idealistic Earth Pony Sunny (Vanessa Hudgens) is determined to find a way to bring enchantment and unity back to their world. Teaming up with open-hearted Unicorn Izzy (Kimiko Glenn), the pair travel to faraway lands where they encounter the likes of charismatic and brave Pegasi Pipp (Sofia Carson) and Zipp (Liza Koshy) and the ever-responsible fellow Earth Pony Hitch (James Marsden). Their mission is full of misadventures, but these new best friends each possess their own unique and special gifts that may be just what this ponyverse needs to restore magic and prove that even little ponies can make a big difference.
40,In this interactive film featuring WWE Superstars, The Undertaker has set a trap for the decorated tag team The New Day at his mansion. What they don't know: The Undertaker’s mansion is an extreme Haunted House, packed to the brim with supernatural challenges. It’s up to viewers to decide the fate of these three poor souls trying to survive the wrath of The Undertaker.
66,Minutes after Laurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curtis), her daughter Karen (Judy Greer) and granddaughter Allyson (Andi Matichak) left masked monster Michael Myers caged and burning in Laurie's basement, Laurie is rushed to the hospital with life-threatening injuries, believing she finally killed her lifelong tormentor. But when Michael manages to free himself from Laurie's trap, his ritual bloodbath resumes. As Laurie fights her pain and prepares to defend herself against him, she inspires all of Haddonfield to rise up against their unstoppable monster. The Strode women join a group of other survivors of Michael's first rampage who decide to take matters into their own hands, forming a vigilante mob that sets out to hunt Michael down, once and for all. Evil dies tonight.
46,To earn some extra cash, quirky college student Benny (Jorge Lendeborg, Jr.) moonlights as a chauffeur for one night. His task: drive two mysterious young women (Debby Ryan and Lucy Fry) around Los Angeles for a night of party hopping. Taken captive by his clients' charm, he soon learns that his passengers have their own plans for him -- and an insatiable thirst for blood. As his night spins out of control, Benny is thrust into the middle of a clandestine war that pits rival tribes of vampires against the protectors of the human world, led by his brother (Raúl Castillo), who will stop at nothing to send them back into the shadows. With sunrise fast approaching, Benny is forced to choose between fear and temptation if he wants to stay alive and save the City of Angels.
93,When outlaw Nat Love (Jonathan Majors) discovers that his enemy Rufus Buck (Idris Elba) is being released from prison he rounds up his gang to track Rufus down and seek revenge. Those riding with him in this assured, righteously new school Western include his former love Stagecoach Mary (Zazie Beetz), his right and left hand men--hot-tempered Bill Pickett (Edi Gathegi) and fast drawing Jim Beckwourth (R.J. Cyler)--and a surprising adversary-turned-ally. Rufus Buck has his own fearsome crew, including "Treacherous" Trudy Smith (Regina King) and Cherokee Bill (LaKeith Stanfield), and they are not a group that knows how to lose.
72,In this prequel to Zack Snyder's Army of the Dead, small-town bank teller Dieter gets drawn into the adventure of a lifetime when a mysterious woman recruits him to join a crew of Interpol's most wanted criminals, attempting to heist a sequence of legendary, impossible-to-crack safes across Europe.
68,In "Finch," a man, a robot and a dog form an unlikely family in a powerful and moving adventure of one man's quest to ensure that his beloved canine companion will be cared for after he's gone. Tom Hanks stars as Finch, a robotics engineer and one of the few survivors of a cataclysmic solar event that has left the world a wasteland. But Finch, who has been living in an underground bunker for a decade, has built a world of his own that he shares with his dog, Goodyear. He creates a robot, played by Caleb Landry Jones, to watch over Goodyear when he no longer can. As the trio embarks on a perilous journey into a desolate American West, Finch strives to show his creation, who names himself Jeff, the joy and wonder of what it means to be alive. Their road trip is paved with both challenges and humor, as it's as difficult for Finch to goad Jeff and Goodyear to get along as it is for him to manage the dangers of the new world.
94,When middle-schooler Emily Elizabeth (Darby Camp) meets a magical animal rescuer (John Cleese) who gifts her a little, red puppy, she never anticipated waking up to find a giant ten-foot hound in her small New York City apartment. While her single mom (Sienna Guillory) is away for business, Emily and her fun but impulsive uncle Casey (Jack Whitehall) set out on an adventure that will keep you on the edge-of-your-seat as our heroes take a bite out of the Big Apple. Based on the beloved Scholastic book character, Clifford will teach the world how to love big!
25,A researcher (Richard Keats) infected with a virus time-travels from 2073 to 1973 to retrieve a faulty robot probe.
50,As Dr. Ernest Sovac (Boris Karloff) makes his way to the electric chair, he recalls the events that landed him on death row. After placing brain matter from a violent gangster into the mind of a dying teacher named George Kingsley (Stanley Ridges), Sovac watches his patient take on violent tendencies. When Sovac learns, through an almost-possessed Kingsley, about a hidden stash of mob money, the doctor entices the criminal in Kingsley to come out -- with murderous results.
75,A boy plants a seed to grow a grandmother.
11,Members of a documentary film crew are stranded on a remote island after their plane goes down, and some members of the group begin to fear there is more living on the island than the animals they've come to film.
